1	I think it is wonderful to listen because those kids are working hard .	They could be doing way worse things than having band practice .
0	Adam was so proud to drive his `` new '' car to school every day !	In a few months he had earned enough for a used car .
1	Frannie was on a flight .	She had a cup of ginger-ale in her lap .
1	My friend invited me to play rugby .	I accepted his invitation .
1	One day , Jack was followed home .	Careless Jack is now a dead man , and his fate was sad .
1	We spent hours looking up at the stars .	Becca was so excited to see a shooting star .
0	But Annie declared she did n't want to play , she wanted to read comics .	When he got home from school , his mom introduced the two of them .
1	She gathered all the ingredients , including her favorite chocolate .	She mixed them up in a bowl and spread the mix in a pan .
1	Gina was in a gas station on the highway .	Her sister ran in crying after seeing a dead deer in a truck .
1	I needed some new boots for the winter .	I decided on some camel colored boots .
0	Alice helped her find them and the family was very grateful .	There was a little girl who had become lost from her family .
0	Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents .	She designed everything from houses to boats to spaceships .
1	Maria needed money for gas to get there .	Maria made her friends each give her five bucks for gas .
0	When she walked in , she felt awkward .	Janet decided to go to her high school 's party .
1	I jumped out of bed and crept to my kitchen .	I peeked around the corner , ready to strike if need be .
0	When he got home , Rick took them to his Dad who fixed them .	When he woke up , he noticed he crushed his glasses .
0	Fortunately she was wearing long pants .	Hot coffee splashed onto her leg .
1	When they arrived , the family was greeted by constant rain .	It rained so hard , the family had to go home .
0	She brought them home for her friends .	Sarah bought a dozen donuts .
0	When it was time to go home , they called the kids to come to shore .	The kids swam in the water for hours as the parents watched .
0	He invited her over to celebrate the holiday .	Rodney had gotten his friend a great Christmas gift .
0	Tara was able to buy her textbooks with the money that she made .	She saved the money that she made over summer .
0	However to her surprise she saw a shark .	She swam as far as she could go .
1	Kim left work after dark to find the street had frozen over .	She tried to drive up a small hill and got stuck .
1	Shane and Kenny were playing a competitive game .	Kenny 's mouse 's batteries died at an inopportune time .
1	The pilot informed us we had to divert to Denver .	When we landed we found out the plane had been struck by lightning .
0	Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats !	Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies .
0	The next day he went to the park , and the ladies were there again .	He had never played tennis before , but he decided to learn .
0	Rachel had to replace the keyboard with her own money .	The coffee spilled all over the keyboard !
0	He called into work and then went to the doctor .	Jo woke up feeling very sick and tired .
0	Theo 's father was in the army .	Theo always wanted to be like his father .
0	From then on , Alice kept her prized mug in her room .	Alice confronted her roommate and got her mug back .
1	She loved to spoil her guests with the best possible party .	Every guest truly and a great time and could n't wait until next year .
0	Frank learned to be content wearing mismatched socks .	The next time Frank did laundry , some of the new socks were lost .
0	He painted his townhouse a garish neon yellow color !	The new neighbor in the townhome association was unusual .
1	His first offer was $ 4000 dollars and someone accepted .	I decided to make a counter by offering $ 5000 .
1	Her parents had no money to buy her a backpack .	But when Anna got off the bus that afternoon , she was smiling .
1	I work for a transit authority in Boston .	In 1997 it celebrated the centennial of subway service .
0	We both introduced Anna to her chair and the first night she used it .	Carol and I bought her a potty chair .
0	Nothing was just so perfect for Cathy to ride in .	Cathy was on the hunt for a brand new car .
0	Laney thanked her a ton .	Then , her friend offered to give her her old tree .
0	It increased in size .	She tried to wash it with hot water .
0	When Judy was at work Orange scratched up the couch .	Orange was a playful kitten .
1	The dog would not fetch .	Tim kept trying for five weeks .
1	I do n't smoke .	Everyone at work who does smoke gets a break .
0	He looked on the ground and saw that the baby had fallen .	Suddenly , he awoke to a cry .
1	John went out on his boat for an afternoon of fishing .	He caught a few and decided it was time to head in .
0	Mark called his mom to thank her for all she has done for him .	He shopped around and got both , adding a eighty dollar bill monthly .
1	She went into his room and read to him .	She read three chapters , until his eyes closed .
0	Tony felt double blessed after getting gas on his way home .	Someone else had already paid for a full tank of gas for him .
0	Occasionally , students were allowed to play with the bunny .	It was kept in a cage in the back of the class .
1	The sandbox has been a real hit amongst the children .	I am going to build another box for more kids to play in .
0	Hank just stood there , with his fist hanging in the air .	Clyde crouched down and prepared to be hit .
0	He thought she loved him back .	Gus always loved Dalilah .
1	But his friend convinced him to study one day .	It felt like he made little progress .
0	About ten minutes later , we pulled into a Christmas tree lot .	She led me out to the car and said we were going for a ride .
1	Inside , she walked around looking for gifts .	Soon her cart was full .
0	As I walked away , I found another quarter on the floor .	However , I did n't have enough money .
0	He got out eventually , and thanked me for my efforts .	This included his mortgage , as he owned a condo .
1	When Henry came back into the living room , he found the box .	It was lying on the ground , empty inside .
0	The next day , Amy got her period which explained the strong emotions .	Soon , her jealousy got even worse and Tim was ready to leave .
0	The tires are out of his price range .	They try selling him very expensive tires .
0	His team discovered an old tunnel and decided to explore it .	An archeologist was studying some old ruins .
0	I decided to buy the most expensive option .	I tried several models at the practice range inside the store .
1	He hummed along with the man as he finished the song .	When they were done they both had a good laugh .
1	But gradually , she started to write longer and more detailed entries .	Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend !
0	Timothy 's become very rich from putting his brand into the world .	If they did succeed , it was his intervention .
1	On her door there was a lizard .	Beth did n't like lizards and did n't want to open the door .
1	When I got there , I went straight to the wave pool .	It ended up being way too deep , with waves I could n't handle !
0	Everything was perfect .	Clint and Tabatha walked the aisle , preparing for what was to come .
0	Jeb always won .	Tim was playing games with Jeb .
0	Then Ed dropped to his knees .	They ate companionably .
1	Eric had glasses his whole life .	He was almost blind without them .
1	He used to cover the front of his house with lights .	One year , he put up more lights than ever .
1	She was very grateful for a safe place to stay .	The Trump family were adamant the girl have a special blanket .
1	Ike loved eating hot dogs , and he had a big appetite .	He decided to enter a hot dog eating contest .
1	Sometimes Francis would let her ride him and they would fly !	Beth loved her time with her friend in her dream playtime .
1	He thought it would be funny to stick it into his neighbor 's mailbox .	He hid in the bushes to wait for her reaction .
1	After the game , Jim could n't find his phone .	Jim was very sad and continued to search for the phone all night .
0	It was a police officer .	Suddenly she heard a knock on the door .
1	Tom had possession of the ball .	The shot clock was running out , but he decided to move slowly .
1	Jason remembered he put a bottle of water in the fridge .	He went to the kitchen .
0	When it was lunch time he took out his food .	He put in a chocolate bar for his dessert .
1	Yet on the contrary she found it was well worth it .	Tina could n't wait to return .
0	Audrey prayed and meditated and then sat down to write .	A friend in college said he needed spiritual enlightenment .
0	He carved the rock into a lion head and kept it .	He picked at the stone with a chisel .
0	When he showed up , there were policemen and ambulances everywhere .	After walking for a while , he began to approach the food truck .
1	While waiting for the program to begin , she met Bill .	Bill offered Pam a hot cider , which she accepted .
1	Across the room was an ex friend Sara .	The class was assigned to complete a landscape .
1	Ike found a wallet on the street .	It was full of cash !
1	When he sent out the invites , only one person said they could make it .	It became a date and they had a wonderful evening .
1	When we got inside of the place , my friend 's brother called us .	He told us to hide .
1	He was unfamiliar with driving on the left side of the road .	He got in his rental and noticed right away something different .
1	It was called Hot Havana Red .	She loved it and wore it so confidently .
1	Jon and his friend fought hard .	Eventually , Jon lost the game .
0	Once she did that she never chewed her nails again .	He dad said to picture all the germs that went into her mouth .
0	Then , Katie needed a specific card for her turn .	They had made it more than halfway through the game .
1	His family saved for two years .	Finally they were able to go .
0	And the two enjoyed their meal .	Blue was happy to see her when she got home .
0	The road was jammed bumper to bumpers .	I went down the usual highway but got stuck .
1	Kids gathered around Steve , who was full of scrapes .	They loaded Steve in a wheelbarrow and pushed him home .
1	Jim parked his car in the parking lot at work .	He looked through the window and saw rain pour down all around him .
1	Braxton and Angela had three kids and adopted three more	Braxton and Angela finally married and lived happily with their brood
0	I did n't understand until I watched it too .	Today she watched a video about cats and could n't stop laughing .
0	Barbara realized she had been cruel , and went back to apologize .	Frustrated , Barbara called him an idiot and stormed out .
0	Her loving father left a final love letter in their favorite book .	She stated that Jim left a card for her to find .
1	A woman spent all her pay on lottery scratch-offs .	She did so every week .
1	The big dogs barked and yanked at their chains .	Gina was scared to go near them so she backed up .
1	Jim , Tom , and Sally decided to form a study group .	One day , they all went to Jim 's house .
0	She liked the work a lot .	Today was her first day .
1	Francis drove to Chicago for a concert .	While there , he thought the band looked strange .
0	Emma ate the pizza but shared a bite with Shane .	Shane did n't want to fight , so he just conceded .
0	While walking across the hallway , the professor greeted me .	I walked on campus .
0	Tia used her strategy to save lots of cash at the store .	She shopped for sale items for which she had coupons .
1	His insurance company compensated him for the damage .	Jim went to the repair shop to have his car repainted .
0	She went into the hospital and got all set .	Laurie is going to have a baby today .
0	Jane stopped hitchhiking after that .	Jane felt uncomfortable and asked to be dropped off .
0	He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle .	As soon as it 's in , he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck .
1	She noticed a crowd gathered in front of a building .	She walked over and saw a dancing bear .
1	Ron and his friends began to look around and found a busted window .	Ron 's friends dared Ron to go inside of the house .
0	My boss looked shocked and told me to see him in his office .	One evening I walked up to a white senior lady co worker to talk .
1	Each day the farmer took Whitey 's egg from the nestbox .	Whitey was sad to always lose her eggs .
1	It was frozen shut .	Jim had to use a hairdryer to unfreeze his door handle .
1	Sara 's mom was about to have a baby .	Things were taking a while and Sara was getting anxious .
1	Grandpa came running to help Grandma .	Grandpa was able to unlock the door from the outside .
1	Samantha had a shelf full of books in her bedroom .	The books were scattered about her room and in random order .
0	She particularly liked the smell and sound of it .	Bonnie loved everything about the rainy .
0	It was a great experience .	Since I was by myself , I got extra credit .
1	He went to every local business , but none of them were hiring .	Being inventive , Rick decided to create his own job for himself .
0	His teammates thanked him for being so kind .	He threw a huge pasta party for his team before the game .
0	I left the house early on a Saturday morning .	After some thought , I agreed it needed to be done .
1	Dave worked hard and saved his money .	Eventually he had enough money for a trip .
1	Unfortunately it was n't open during lunch .	They had to walk around for an hour before eating .
0	And she knew this deep down .	But she was not a good girl this year .
0	I ca n't find any cartoonish chef hats available anywhere .	I decided to go as a chef .
1	I read and studied all the course materials they gave to me .	I enrolled in several exercise classes while in the program .
1	Tim was tired one evening .	But he had to do homework .
0	One day he had to go to a pet store .	He always thought they were so mysterious .
0	I was so excited that I reinvested all my winnings .	I scratched it off and actually won !
0	Mark quickly realized that he had taken too many classes .	He moved into the dorms and signed up for his classes .
0	She took it home and looked in the box .	Lisa wanted to buy a pizza .
0	He never could get control of a bouncing ball .	Tim had bad luck with basketball .
1	Public speaking was almost an area I struggled with .	In the beginning of the class , my presentations were horrid .
0	As I got in the car and put the bar close to me , I shut my eyes .	I had never been on a coaster before and was freaked out .
1	Lucy wanted to buy a new car .	She visited some car dealerships .
1	I decided to go buy some new ones .	I went to the pet store but everything looked nasty .
1	Alex hates mushrooms on his pizza .	He decided to just toughen up and eat them this one time .
1	He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day .	One day Charlie 's parents told him that they had very exciting news .
0	I did n't understand however , my friend did .	The cook tried to speak to me in a different language .
1	Suddenly , while running , he stepped on a rusty nail .	The nail punctured his foot , causing a lot of pain !
1	The Roberts decided to still have fun camping in their yard .	It was as much fun as any previous vacation .
0	The motor died so we had to paddle over one mile back to shore .	One night it was close to sunset and we decided to come in .
1	He looked forward to stuffing his face .	When the time came , he ate 5 full plates of food .
1	Once they returned home they noticed the door open and the tv gone .	No forced entry meant the door was unlocked .
0	I flew above that ocean .	I jumped off the cliff .
1	He asked someone working for help .	They were able to pick out a painting that fit Sam 's needs .
0	He discussed it with his wife .	John wanted to try a different cuisine .
0	He felt better and stopped taking them .	Edward was sick and was prescribed antibiotics .
1	Mike 's mom gave him permission to get a fish .	Mike chose a blue tetra at the pet store .
0	She was honored , and accepted happily .	Eva was asked to sing the national anthem at her town 's parade .
0	Unfortunately , she failed !	Liz tried her best on the test .
1	At first Kevin was reluctant to speak to his therapist .	But when they started speaking , he felt better .
0	He sampled multiple flavors of a punch and picked the ones he liked .	He thought that was weird but she offered him five dollars .
0	The co-worker asked Amy to ring up a purchase for her .	Amy met a one of her co-workers for the first time .
1	He took his seat while everyone watched .	On his chair was an envelope .
0	The plants in the yard , and the grass turned brown and dry .	The elderly lady who lived there was gone .
0	Cole went back to the store for more jerky and a soda .	Cole 's parents saw what happened and gave him five more dollars .
0	She passed out and her friends were concerned .	She drink way too much and felt terrible .
1	My sister was my best friend .	One day she got sick and we took her to the hospital .
1	I got the eggs out and put them in the pan .	To my surprise I forgot to add cooking spray .
0	The bee inside her ear stung her .	She kept smacking her ear .
1	John was on the trail running .	Suddenly he heard footsteps behind him .
1	Hannah was fascinated from the hair curler advertisement on television	Her mom purchased the same exact curler that was advertised .
0	He had no soda or juice !	Alan was so thirsty .
1	Yesterday I went to the mall to shop .	I had a lot of fun .
1	Unfortunately , she was very busy at work .	On the weekend she was finally able to go to the restaurant .
1	Jennifer and Luke walked arm in arm to shake their principal 's hand .	They both received their diplomas from their smiling teacher .
1	When the day of her trip arrived , a hurricane blew through .	The beach was wrecked and strewn with debris .
1	She was my best friend .	She started living the wrong lifestyle .
1	Jon opened his umbrella .	His umbrella broke after a few minutes .
0	The bread had not risen !	But when he pulled the bread out of the oven , he frowned .
0	He told the teacher he wrote his homework in disappearing ink .	One day he forgot to do his homework .
1	Soon he was golfing like a pro .	He realized he loved the game !
0	My hand accidentally hit a bowl .	I stepped on the chair and placed one foot on the Stove .
0	She told Trina her weakness was in her take off , not her swimming .	A friend of her family 's decided to coach her in swimming .
0	Then he set off on foot to explore the African land .	He taxied to his hotel and checked in .
0	She decided to bring the glow sticks to the party .	Her friend Tom said they should have a party .
1	Tim and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep .	They decide to keep him even though their landlord does n't allow pets .
0	Most of the ducks were calm , but one was pretty aggressive .	He was feeding ducks at a pond .
0	The police showed up in an alley where he and some friends exercised .	Anthony had been in trouble before , but nothing like this .
0	He began to regret eating the pie .	Francis felt sick after eating the pie .
0	Which is why she was so hurt her sister wasted time with their cousin .	Gina cherished the time there were able to spend together .
0	Through her windshield , she could see an approaching tornado .	Driving to the grocery store in a storm , Ana heard air raid sirens .
1	I love empanadas so one day I decided to make them from scratch .	First I made the dough for the shells which got flour all over .
0	This loud display went on for three nights , terrifying our dog .	Last 4th of July , this neighbor shot off fireworks until midnight .
0	There was no way they were going to leave without skiing .	They arrived at the mountain to see the beginners hill had closed .
1	Later a member of the hotel 's upper management is seen at a bar .	He 's showing the video to people , laughing and making fun of her body .
1	They had not prepared for this .	They were drenched by the time the balloon landed .
0	A man and his daughter stopped to help him change the tire .	He changed the tire on the side of the road .
0	We will have a baby or two and want a bigger house .	Our plan is to sell it in about four Year 's .
0	They could see the studio from down the street .	Kim and Beth had tickets for a tour at NBC studios .
1	He hired a chimney sweep .	The chimney sweep had a hangover and was not thinking clearly .
1	So he grabbed a bottle of pure acetone .	It melted a hole clean through the CD .
1	Other runners were passing me and I felt I was running too slow .	Seeing the one mile marker ahead , I increased my speed .
1	On her first call she got no answer .	She decided she would call back later that evening .
0	She thought it was unhealthy for a 14 year old to do so .	Amy 's mom did n't want her to drink coffee .
0	His roommate went to use one .	He did them all and let them dry .
0	He turned it in and was able to get his card .	Finally , he found an official letter with his address .
1	Howard was in the city .	He went into a bar for a drink .
1	Finally , he found an official letter with his address .	He turned it in and was able to get his card .
0	She organized the coats and was very happy with how it looked .	She brought it home and set it up .
1	But he 'd never been to a concert and he was nervous !	He considered declining the invitation .
0	I hung up later and watched television .	I talked to them about regular life stuff .
0	Amy ate the burrito and was unimpressed .	One day a co-worker offered to pick up a burrito for her .
1	We may never have found him at all except for the help we got .	My dog Ginger grabbed my Aunt 's pants and pulled her to where Max was .
0	Gina , and her mom went to pick her up .	Her friend Lisa was coming to visit .
0	He did not tell anyone .	He decided he would work with it and still play .
1	However , no one would hire someone with no experience .	Tim decided to get an internship working for free .
0	One day Fido ate the pet bird and Jess cried .	She got a dog named Fido .
0	Mark was severely injured .	A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg .
0	Eventually , it got stuck on top of a flag .	It was moving into the air .
1	Rick 's neighbors moved away .	Weeks later , he saw the curtains in their house move .
1	Most of them were blurry .	After my wife noted this , the seller posted five clear photos .
1	Last week my bratty sister found it .	She started reading it and calling it my diary .
0	Chad did n't understand why the animal moved while sleeping .	The dog 's legs began to twitch .
0	She gives her customers many options .	She decided to open up an ice cream shop .
1	His coach told him he could n't hit the golf ball every time .	Andrew spent the next year perfecting his golf swing .
1	It makes me a bit gloomy and sad .	The rainy started to trickle on the windows .
0	John was busy playing video games .	John told Tim that he could n't help him right now .
0	The dog turned and ran straight at Jack .	Jack froze and hoped the dog would keep walking .
1	Two old men played chess on Fridays .	The chess was good but the talks were better , such is friendship .
0	Cal searched everywhere , looking in all the obvious places .	He had a tray by the door for them and they were n't there .
0	Mike told everyone his shoes would help him play better .	He showed off his brand new shoes to everyone .
0	I finally found the perfectly awesome choice .	There I spent forever looking for one .
1	She went to the beach .	She scooped up some small stones and gravel .
1	The order was fairly simple and I did not expect a mix up .	However , when my pizza arrived , it had no toppings .
1	I like to drink craft beers .	On Monday we we went out to dinner .
0	Crayons were best when they were new with pointy edges .	Lisa was excited that she had a brand new box of crayons .
0	Jason goes to the Apple store and purchases his new laptop .	Jason decides to buy an Apple Macbook .
0	Ellen applied the dye and waited for it to work .	She bought a bottle of dye called Dark Ash Blonde .
0	Harry went back to the coffee shop three more times before going home .	And he was instantly addicted .
1	She had always been a food connoisseur .	After she graduated , she cast about for job prospects .
0	He thought he knew where he was going .	His parents were on vacation .
0	They have a reasonably pleasant visit .	Lorraine takes the long drive to Idaho where her brother lives .
1	He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs .	Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing .
0	She had accidentally made her husband sick !	Tia did n't know that pork must be fully cooked before consumption .
1	Sam went on vacation to the beach .	He loved the small town he stayed in .
0	Jeff asked Ike if he wanted anything .	Jeff was at a sandwich shop and called his friend Ike .
0	The bunny really likes to hop around my backyard .	Today I bought a new bunny .
0	Then , she watched the episode .	That night , she made some snacks and sat on the couch .
0	He put on his parachute .	He got in the plane .
0	Since I did n't have the money , the restaurant gave me a fine .	I realized that I was short on the payment where she asked me .
1	Kelly did n't think her mom was going to get her a phone yet .	So she was beyond excited .
1	He insert his debit card .	The machine would not dispense his money .
0	The smell of the cookies reminded me of my childhood .	The cookies came out just like I remember .
0	She wanted the puppy so bad .	Cindy found a cute puppy advertised on facebook .
1	When he presented it he thought he did well .	But , the teacher said it looked unrealistic and failed him .
0	He knew that if he hated his job , that he would have a miserable life .	Every day as he went to work he thought about other things he could do
1	Dan and his family were watching football .	Dan bet his brother the Giants would beat the Vikings .
0	He finally did but then decided to start over once more .	He wondered if he would ever beat it .
0	Playing basketball was a lot harder than watching it .	Ian decided to learn how to play basketball .
1	Michael has liked alicia for years .	He was always too scared to confess .
0	She promised that if he did , he could get a new toy .	Jeremy 's mom needed him to pull some weeds .
1	She did n't have any room to make her project .	Amanda decided not to buy so much fabric in the future .
1	Unfortunately she spent too much .	As a result , Kelly was grounded .
0	It was something the gangster had wanted for a long time .	One day , a businessman arrived with a special delivery for him .
1	The man owned a burger shop .	He lived there with his wife and three kids .
1	Chris decided to go to the store .	Chris drove to the store .
0	It was her first time drinking coffee so she was unprepared .	She still had 3 hours in class , and she had volleyball later .
0	Brad wished he had not wasted so much money on tickets .	Alas , he did not win any money at all .
1	Franklin was caught one day and arrested .	He spent over a year in jail for his crime .
1	When she was all done , she looked completely different .	Everyone who knew her loved the changes .
0	On the day of the race he had a massive lead over everyone else .	Instead he used an office chair with wheels and hoped for the best .
0	Jeff threw open his window curtains .	They were predicting over two feet of snow !
0	She headed up the stairs to her classroom .	She had n't realized how long she had been in there .
0	The worst part of Mark 's cold was his awful cough that would n't stop .	Mark woke up on Monday morning with a terrible cold .
0	Her parents asked her not to have her ears pierced .	Francine has always wanted to have earrings .
0	I ca n't wait to see what he wears tonight at dinner !	Last night , he wore a top hat .
0	Ben is now an Air Force drone pilot .	After high school , Ben joined the Air Force .
0	His mom took him to the store and he picked his pack .	He wanted to buy a pack of baseball cards with it .
1	Unfortunately there were n't any .	Leslie was mad .
0	He bought the computer and spent all of his money .	He went to the store and saw a computer he really liked .
1	The day that Ed went to the market .	He was sweating all down his face .
0	She has not even started .	Jen has a ten page paper due tomorrow .
1	There were a lot of kids always running around .	One day she heard steps running on the roof .
1	He smokes six cigarettes a day , every single day .	He woke up today and decided he would quit .
0	While we were at the park we played in a giant sandbox .	I went with my friend Jane to the park yesterday .
1	I love to go to the movies , I try to go every weekend .	It gives me a chance to get out of my head for two hours .
1	Chris had to cancel all of his plans for the weekend and stay inside .	Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time .
1	Bree and her friends were playing on her trampoline .	They decided to try jumping on it from the roof .
1	Joan had always wanted to participate in a chess tournament .	Finally there was a tournament coming to her hometown .
0	The jug really helped Sam increase her water intake !	She carried it with her everywhere .
0	She had dropped out .	Nina had a secret .
0	Her pencil broke .	The room was silent .
1	When it looked safe , the bird got closer .	He landed on a tree branch and looked for a cat .
1	Ira went to the store to buy something to eat .	Chips were on sale so he bought a bag .
1	One day Megan found a toad hopping around the bushes .	She thought it was cute , so she decided to pick it up .
1	Ann 's mom disapproved of Bob 's religion .	Bob wants to marry Ann someday but is worried he ca n't .
1	But she had no money !	Then her mom offered a solution .
0	The class had no clue what was going on and looked on in astonishment .	He then took out a huge thing of vinegar , and started to pour it in !
1	She finally received an email with her test grade .	She had received an A and passed her course .
0	Kai and his mom both had a great time !	The movie was terrifying !
0	I walked to the grocery store .	I put on my clothes and shoes .
1	We packed up and hurried home .	We found the houses on either side of ours were badly damaged .
1	She brought it home and set it up .	She organized the coats and was very happy with how it looked .
1	Lance bought a new lamp .	He was unsure about it .
1	Turner went home and played video games instead of studying .	When he took the test the next day , he flunked again
1	There once was a soldier named Colson .	He was a good man .
1	Some days I worried whether I was going to lose my job .	Sometimes I could n't help it , I just could n't go in .
0	Since they were looking for that cat , they offered me an award .	A group of people suddenly appeared and thanked me .
1	Bernadette has a very playful cat .	The cat loves to chase toys around the house .
0	The wrecker pulled Ken 's car to safety in the middle of the track .	Everyone slowed to obey the yellow caution flag .
0	He solved it immediately and shocked everybody .	Dave took up the case and started his investigation .
1	She could n't believe how expensive they were though .	Luckily she found a good deal for Bose .
1	A boy was walking through the woods .	He looked around the corner of a tree .
1	She was tired but determined to finish .	She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family .
0	The instructor assigned everyone difficult work .	When the class started , Kate felt even more nervous during role call .
1	I was driving to my friends house one day .	While driving on the road , I saw flashing lights .
1	It fell when she went to grab it from the stove .	Now she 's burned and has a cold too .
0	John felt better once he made the call .	He called up the TV station to let them know his rage .
0	She frantically started texting and calling him .	Fred 's mom got very scared for her son .
0	Bert quickly removed the burned food and replaced it .	After a few minutes , Bert noticed that the burger was burned .
1	The ice rink was unfortunately closed .	John was disappointed .
0	Her mother banished her to her room for those 2 days .	She was to stay home for 2 days .
1	Gina was unaware of this .	One day , Martin wrote Gina a love letter .
0	I am usually very careful to not leave my violin behind .	I am a violinist and carry my violin everywhere .
0	When I blocked Scott 's blade it stabbed into my hand .	We started to playfully sword fight each other .
0	The officer in charge opened the safe to verify the code .	A nuclear missile silo received a launch order .
0	He had forgotten to tie his right shoe .	James was out for a morning walk .
1	Jack snapped down his night vision goggles , looking for the shooter .	Jack found him crouching near the ground .
1	I found a trolley part in the garbage near a carhouse .	It was the controller on a 1930s trolley .
0	Since they could n't decide they decide to wait to build it .	Others wanted it in another city .
1	Lucy 's grandpa came to pick her up from Mary 's house .	When Lucy came to the car he could see she had a black eye .
0	He decided to go to the library and study .	It was halfway through the semester , and John was failing his classes .
1	The sleep specialist I saw recommended a CPAP to help me sleep .	It took a while to get used to you to the CPAP but it really helped me
1	Joe was playing blackjack .	He bet 200 dollars .
0	The wedding date was set for Fall , only a month away .	Neither was interested in unduly waiting .
0	As much as I resisted , I ended up falling asleep .	While taking notes , my eyes began to close .
1	In a panic I called 911 and rushed to the the hospital .	In the hospital I was told that I severed my spinal cord .
1	A farmer was put all his hay in the barn .	When he was done he smoked a cigarette .
0	The saw gave him a hard time so he took a break .	He took out a saw and began to cut a hole in his roof .
0	She was so exhausted that she did not play very well .	When the big game started Bonnie was very tired .
1	DeeDee does not wear make-up .	At work , her boss told her to start wearing make-up .
0	After an hour , she rinsed it off and checked her skin in the mirror .	She bought an at-home glycolic acid skin peel and applied it .
1	Her mother insisted there was nothing , but Tasha had heard noises .	Her mother got quite a surprise when she saw a rat scurrying !
1	He took out all the food he had and lined it on his counter .	Edit just stood back and waited for inspiration .
0	He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips .	But when he sat back down it was gone .
1	Then I remembered that she 's allergic .	The store said I ca n't return them .
1	Unfortunately , she completely tore them .	I had to buy a new set of curtains .
0	She loved to swing the bat .	My daughter played tee ball this year .
1	He started slow , stopping in many towns along the way .	In three months , Joseph made it halfway across the USA !
1	Then , she tried to fix the door .	This time , it stopped breaking .
1	Tyrese just got dumped .	He decided to pick up his guitar .
1	Vanessa and fred are married .	Fred has been tired of the marriage .
0	They argued about the wedding for a year .	However , her boyfriend wanted to have a small private wedding .
1	The Jehovah Witnesses walked by their hiding spot .	They breathed a sigh of relief , and resumed their morning jog .
1	She called a plowing service but there were none available .	Ally had to call out of work that day .
0	However , out of all of his exotic belts , his favorite was plain .	Scott collected all sorts of belts .
1	After 4 hours his mother made him turn the game off. ,	He was forced to go outside and get some exercise .
1	All of Kevin 's friends could skate board well .	Kevin really wanted to learn .
0	All the milk was gone !	But when she went into the kitchen , she was disappointed .
1	She decided to throw a town festival to raise money .	No one was interested so she brought in farm animals to attract kids .
0	Unfortunately I was a half hour late .	I did not want to be late for work .
1	A small rabbit hopped on to the trail right in front of her .	Beth laughed out loud , and breathed a sigh of relief .
1	Roy was a pilot for a major airline .	Roy became violently ill before a cross-country flight .
0	When it was done , she had nine fragrant jars - the perfect gift !	A gingerbread sugar scrub would be perfect , she decided .
1	She could n't believe Gina would waste soap in such a manner .	She handed Gina the hose and went into the house .
0	She was surprised and pleased when stopped for a photo with her .	Amy yelled `` Kanye '' as he stepped out .
0	They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat .	He ran home and warned his fellow tribesman .
1	The philosopher began leading a mindfulness meditation exercise .	Bill laid on his bed and meditated for the first time .
0	He attended his grandma 's party and had a piece of cake .	Cruz was highly allergic to nuts of all kind .
1	Jay went to his friends house for christmas .	He had nothing else to do for christmas .
0	Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality .	She kept getting more brown .
0	They loved the outdoors .	Kathy and her husband went on vacation .
0	After a month , Rachel had made a lot of money babysitting .	Rachel decided to babysit on the weekends on top of her job .
0	They cleaned her mug for her and gave it back .	When she was done she handed it to the store worker .
0	Bryan was forced to go home and get his spare shoes .	Bryan was running and realized his shoe had ripped .
1	He went through many options .	Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan .
1	He came out to his parents first .	They were fine with it .
1	I told him I was working on a story .	He offered to help me .
1	She got her husband to sample her sauce .	He could n't believe how good it tasted .
0	Tina decided to make it herself .	She could n't believe she never had it before then .
1	His friend got out his motorcycle .	The two of them rode together for hours .
1	When Amy was in college she dropped out of a Piano course .	She did n't feel comfortable in class with the teacher .
1	I took my 3 year old to the movie theater .	He loves watching movies .
1	Her mother showed her a slideshow of the great town she lived in .	Jill liked the slideshow .
1	Thankfully he only gave her a warning .	Kelly new better next time .
0	I rushed to help , and with the woman behind me , drove them both away .	2 men were holding up an old woman , trying to steal her purse .
0	Everyone told her she would catch a disease one day .	So much that she was always picking up strays .
1	I remembered to do it the first day .	I remembered to do it on the second and third day .
1	My friend Dan and I went to the park .	We hiked down into a canyon .
1	And he was instantly addicted .	Harry went back to the coffee shop three more times before going home .
0	She did n't have a warm coat so her Mom let her borrow one .	She moved during the winter and did n't realize how cold it would be .
1	Lauren sank basket after basket .	Her coach made shot after shot .
0	I shot up from the bed , fumbling for the bedside lamp .	I was awakened one night by a creaking floor board .
1	Freddy bought the truck immediately .	Freddy now cruises around town in his new truck .
1	He became very good after much practice .	Today , Bill has his own band .
1	One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street .	She rushed over only to find an ice cream shop .
1	Brad was stranded on his boat in the middle of the lake .	He had to wait hours until a passing boater saw his distress .
1	2 hours later she woke up .	She walked passed the windows in the living room .
1	Jock went down to the Apple store and bought a new laptop .	He also bought an expensive car , and a slushy at 7-11 .
0	Tim 's salary was getting very respectable indeed !	Then they made him a manager .
1	Her parents raced in from the next room .	Instead of yelling at her , they hugged her , glad she was okay .
0	She takes them somewhere special every summer .	Cierra loves her nieces and nephews .
1	Reginald notices that his hair is becoming gray .	Although many of his friends have gray hair , he does n't like it .
0	Jim realized that boarding up did not help at all .	The storm finally hit and Jim 's house was blown away .
1	The doctor there bandaged her hand and gave her medicine .	Soon Mary 's hand was as good as new !
0	The bed was so comfortable that their son never awoke til mornings .	Mike and Ann bought a new bed for their son .
1	He caught her eye , and ignored her .	Hannah felt uncomfortable and decided to end her shopping trip .
1	A boy that I like saw us and swam out to our boat .	I should have expected it when he tipped us over .
1	I decided to hit her .	My sister began crying .
0	Then he slept for twelve straight hours !	But he made it to every test on time .
1	We looked at the local shelter website to see the available cats .	A very pretty cat named Olympia was available , so we went to see her .
1	A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus .	He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor .
1	Jaime 's kids wanted to build a giant snowman .	They rolled three large balls for the body .
0	They were taking turns telling each other what things they would see .	Ginny and Todd were looking up at the clouds .
0	And she spent the rest of the day buying items with all of her gold .	Tina got more than enough money to buy the magic staff .
0	A tornado went through the town and destroyed all the wood houses .	He built every house out of concrete and everyone liked wood .
1	Jim started humming a tune .	His friends became annoyed .
1	Suddenly , he spotted a dog in the distance .	He ran after the dog and started dragging me instead !
1	Kelsi was cooking some tomato sauce on the stove last night .	She took a metal spoon and tasted the sauce .
0	He is happy that he found something to do with his friends .	Ronald bowls very well .
0	They played Frisbee for hours .	They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth .
1	She had asked her husband to pick up the ingredients .	She went through the entire recipe step by step .
1	They were both mean !	They made jokes about others !
1	Sue barely had time to move off her chair when the thunder rumbled .	Startled and out of breath , Sue ran into her house .
0	Then he got really sick .	He decided to have fun and dance .
1	For his 16th birthday his parents surprised him with flying lessons .	He loved every minute of it .
1	Ana could not remember any of the chords !	But soon she grew into a great guitar player .
1	We then flipped the boats over .	It was so much fun .
0	Jimmy 's father taught him how to fish .	They went to an ocean on long island .
0	Gina climbed into the house through the window .	She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked .
0	But she ended up knocking it on the floor .	Alice proudly left her easel when she finished the portrait .
1	He scared the bear off by yelling .	Tom was surprised the bear ran off .
1	He decided to continue on when they were struck by a torpedo .	Everybody clambered onto lifeboats .
0	But she would have to get the original from her mom 's key chain .	She thought it would be easier to have a spare made secretly .
0	There were many complaints made about Janet .	Janet got in trouble at work for being rude to customers .
0	He looked everywhere .	However he could n't find the chips .
0	The children were playing in the ocean and watching the sunset .	The Smith family went on vacation to Florida .
1	After the tulip was open , a scorpion came out .	It jumped on the farmer 's shoulder .
1	Now she feared a bully would ruin her trip .	Ali told her teacher of her fears .
0	We did n't have it in time .	The rent money was due last week .
0	She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater .	She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping .
0	She often overslept .	Problem was she has a child that needs to get up early to go to school
0	Gary realized the water bowl was empty and filled it up .	His dog kept barking at him all morning !
1	Beth decides to go to the prom and a party , so she is out very late .	She barely makes it in time for her race and does very poorly .
0	He had an idea .	He felt it tasted too plain .
0	He called the cops .	One day , their neighbor realized what was happening .
0	Tom was tired at the end of a run and got bit by a dog .	He prided himself on being able to outrun a dog .
1	Then , he cleaned all of the counters and appliances .	Finally , he swept the floors .
0	We were very amused .	She got some of it right .
0	It was no where near her home .	Her dentist recommended one for her .
1	One day he was riding a monster wave .	He fell off the board and got knocked out .
0	I put a sticky trap under the oven .	On January 10 , 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven .
1	Billy decided that he would buy Mittens a bed of his own to sleep in .	A week later the bed arrived and Billy took it out of the box .
1	Ever since he and his wife Julia had started dating , in fact .	But nothing seemed to work .
0	One day , a plague came to egypt and many suffered .	She was very beautiful and very wise .
0	Then he packed all the kids into the van .	He packed sandwiches and drinks .
1	She sat on his lap .	She did not cry but she was very skeptical about him .
1	She used an old recipe from her grandmother .	She worked all day to make the perfect soup .
0	He bought wooden planks and nails .	He drove to his hardware store .
1	They took me to a practice wall in an arcade .	I practiced for a whole day .
0	Her reasoning was they 'd never go down there .	Hank 's wife suggest they stash the gifts in the spooky basement .
1	Megan was playing a videogame her friend had given her .	It involved shooting and stealing .
0	Jonathan was able to beat his brother in record time .	Jonathan was intimated by his brother throughout the match .
1	Amy and Beth had walked past Amy crushes house .	Amy was secretly hoping to see him .
1	I pulled over to change it .	I could n't find the spare .
0	Larry can now enjoy not hearing his mother scolding him .	Finally , he found found bitter finger nail polish .
1	The Kujata have a beautiful cottage on a lake .	When the matriarch of the family passed away , chaos ensued .
1	John was about to begin his freshman year of college .	He did not want to attend the mandatory orientation .
1	Ed is a school bus driver .	He has been doing this job for forty Year 's .
1	Her daddy took her to the animal shelter to look .	There were all kinds to choose from .
1	Mike lost his favorite golf ball yesterday .	Mike and John are going back to the golf course today to find it .
1	I did every machine as heavy as i could every day for a week .	I noticed no improvement at all but my body really hurt .
0	Molly threw a toy .	One day , they got in a fight .
1	Her sisters were upset , and protested .	Gina did n't care , the stereo was hers and she was taking it .
1	Tammy was too excited and did it anyway .	She turned blind .
1	Rhonda never felt that she understood modern art .	One day she decided to visit a modern art museum with a friend .
0	He spent months saving his money for the trip .	Ralph had always wanted to see New Orleans .
0	He was going to teach her to ride her bike .	Samantha 's dad took her to the park .
0	He decided to sell the parrot .	Bob realized that a parrot was hard work .
0	She told her class that she went to China and adopted a kid there .	Everyone wondered why she never showed her pregnancy .
1	Then , I dated a girl .	I found out girls are crazy .
1	He told me to take zinc supplements .	I took zinc supplements for three months but they had no effect .
0	He called her and told her to get ready .	He figured he should call her and tell her .
1	He accidentally put diesel instead of gasoline into his car .	His car began to stutter when he tried to start it up .
1	The tomatoes and the lettuce did not grow well at all .	However , his carrots grew very well and tasted delicious .
0	He was tired of spending so much for just entertainment .	Jack was paying $ 100 for cable in his home .
0	But the bubble burst and now he was scoring crack .	He hosted parties with lines of the finest cocaine .
1	She then sees a car heading right towards her .	She has no way of escape .
0	She threw it as hard as she could .	She threw frisbee with him one day .
0	They carried several food and alcoholic drinks with them .	Several of my friends came over to my house .
0	Lucretia no longer thinks that lattes are pretentious .	She loved how it tasted .
0	She almost gave in , but she managed to resist .	The pain grew excruciating .
0	There , she saw the sights .	She took a train ride into Manhattan .
1	She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him .	She did n't ask him though .
0	So , they made sure to take some leftovers .	Unfortunately , they had already spent a lot for the buffet price .
1	The kid jumped in the pond after it .	He came back with his pole and a fish attached .
0	He made us tea with milk and sugar .	One day our father brought home tea bags ,
1	The captain kept them calm .	The storm passed after five hours .
1	He decided to buy a used one at a pawn shop .	Now Luke 's yard is always well maintenanced .
1	One day one of his customers was unhappy with the work Abel did .	Abel apologized and promised to do a better job next time .
0	Inside , she gave them her order number .	She had to walk down the street to pick it up .
1	Susie was an aspiring artist .	She tried to get her art published in the art museum .
1	The gift was a small brass mouse with a long tail .	No one at the birthday party thought much of it at all .
1	Her mom requested full custody .	The judge granted the request .
0	My brother and I swam in the ocean every day .	The weather was beautiful and we had so much fun .
1	He was very excited , which made it hard to focus on school work .	The day finally arrived for the bowling party .
1	Ed wanted to go for a boat ride .	He went down to the marina .
0	When the parents brought them snacks , they shared with the raven .	A raven happened to fly down and began to watch the kids .
1	When he got home , he opened the container and began to eat it .	The pudding tasted funny , but Thomas continued to eat it anyway .
1	I was dating a girl .	She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me .
1	Ed and Sam were playing a video game together .	They tried to kill zombies , but they always ended up losing the game .
0	Whether in the microwave or oven , he loved the taste .	Paul loved tv dinners .
1	When there was silence , he very calmly informed them it was n't true .	He said it was important they not tell people he was unemployed .
1	Bob thought he would make a bad box .	Bob ended up making the best box in class !
1	The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top .	Finally , the individual pencils are carved into shape .
0	Kevin tried to smoke but began coughing .	Two guys approached him and invited him to smoke with them .
0	Tom laughed and the restaurant suddenly came into view .	Dan was getting very scared .
1	Joe is in the Army .	He is shipped overseas for 1 year .
1	Amy decided she no longer wanted to be their friend .	She walked into class and sat across the room .
0	Mom switched on the radio and lullabies gently wafted in the room .	She rubbed her eyes , hoping to dispel sleep .
1	He named the puppy Zippy because he could run fast .	One day on their walk without a leash , Sippy ran away .
1	He pricked his finger with the lancet and started to bleed .	He put his lancet in the machine .
0	The temperature went up fast .	We went to the park .
1	Amy 's coach was giving a pep talk before the game .	Amy was so excited she barely paid attention .
1	The teacher talked about colors , brushes , and different canvases .	Sophie could n't wait for the rest of her class .
1	Her husband rushed her to the hospital .	She gave birth to a healthy baby girl .
1	Finally the captain made a motion for everyone to look to the horizon .	A large blue whale breached the water before Kathy 's eyes .
1	Jake and his grandfather were spending the day together .	Jake 's grandfather had already planned ahead and bought a train set .
0	By the time the floor was clean , the pan was ready .	Mike cleaned up the mess .
1	Gary saw his crush at the gym .	In an attempt to impress her , he picked up several weights .
1	I 've been on a quest to find the most sour .	It 's a tough quest during my lunch hour .
1	He popped the hood to see what it was .	A rabbit had started nesting on top of his battery !
1	She decided to move closer to the beach .	She now only drive 5 minutes to get to the beach .
0	Before we had an opportunity to eat , a thunderstorm broke out .	The family was having an outside picnic .
1	It was a dark and stormy night .	Dan shivered and shone his flashlight all around him .
0	Then , she hung it on a string and made an ornament .	Instead , his mom found a cool spray that would preserve it .
1	I did my hair up and accessorized .	It was a great and fancy night .
0	I knew not to go back there .	It was terrible .
0	When they went to check out , she agreed to buy the ball .	She told him maybe and he carried the ball around with him .
1	A gingerbread sugar scrub would be perfect , she decided .	When it was done , she had nine fragrant jars - the perfect gift !
0	When he got there , he rushed through the doors as fast as he could .	He could n't wait to see all his favorite hockey players .
0	However , on one weekend night , I ran into this gorgeous girl .	I spent most of my time working to make some extra cash .
0	Mark interviewed for the position .	He applied and received a call back .
0	It was a perfect solution to not being able to make up their minds .	Halfway through they swapped .
0	He wrote a story about baseball .	He placed his writing materials on the table .
0	He developed diabetes a few months ago .	Yesterday I took my dog to the vet for a checkup .
0	Luckily the new one is working .	She got a new one today .
1	Bill was not having much success in life .	He decided to review his life 's actions objectively .
1	I used to work on Mechanical Turk	I hated captcha codes .
0	No forced entry meant the door was unlocked .	Once they returned home they noticed the door open and the tv gone .
0	They took a lot of photos along the way .	They decided to drive for a whole day and see where they ended up .
1	Her grandmother 's roommate had a pet .	The pet was a colorful parrot .
0	At the end of the party , everyone said goodbye and gave hugs .	She enjoyed swimming and eating lunch with her friends .
1	Tom wanted to buy a Surface Pro .	He was deciding between that or a new laptop .
1	My friend 's son just graduated from college .	He moved from his NH home and lived in Boston .
0	He got drunk , invited over a gay friend and made out with him .	He decided to experiment with another male .
0	She thought she was ok , but the illness moved to her stomach .	She began by coughing herself into a fit , but recovered .
0	June 's job was to pick out some fun socks .	Her class was buying holiday gifts for people in a retirement home .
0	The customers loved Terry 's mango sorbet so much that she sold out .	She made the mangoes into a delicious sorbet .
1	My best friend got married and moved to Hawaii .	After a year , I decided to fly out and see him .
0	Dan snuck a ball on the green and made his putt from 10 feet .	His friends were not paying attention so they believed him .
0	Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform .	She made sure her harness was double-checked for security .
0	He got out and waved over his neighbor Ted .	When he turned the key , the car would not start .
0	He healed completely .	Since then , he has been praying constantly .
1	Her mom gave her a tube of aloe gel .	Ivy rubbed it onto her sore skin .
0	Suddenly , my car started shaking and then it stopped .	I was driving down the street one day .
0	Now , Perry is in the Baseball Hall of Fame .	Perry played hard and made it to the championships .
1	He was doing well for a while but he began to act weird .	Everyone knows AA is a strange cult , but we did n't expect the results .
0	While hanging out with The Lynch Mob he flirted with girls .	We saw him at the Criss Cross album release party having fun .
1	I woke up the next day in the hospital !	Sally 's dad thought I was robbing his house .
1	They accosted him and held him for the police .	Mike was released but never went back to Las Vegas .
1	I got on the horse to get over my fear .	I had a fun time learning how to ride a horse .
0	She was not wearing the appropriate shoes .	Kim went hiking up a tall mountain peak one day .
1	No matter how early she went to bed , Bridget was still sleepy .	Bridget started taking melatonin at bedtime .
1	If he did n't , Krampus would put him in a bag and beat him .	Finn started having nightmares about Krampus .
1	There were car parts and random belongings everywhere .	Jazz 's parents decided to stop .
1	He went to the Doctor about his energy level .	Jason had a sleep study performed and discovered he had sleep apnea .
0	He thought he wanted to be a successful artist .	He struggled with finding meaning in his life .
0	Timothy stays up all night studying .	Timothy studies his notes from class .
1	She went to investigate and saw a snake in the grass .	She quickly told the kids to disperse .
0	This morning I woke up late .	I love cooking breakfast .
1	At that moment the lady behind her swiped her credit card .	Jenny was so surprised about this random act of kindness .
1	Jim could still see that Jen was a little upset .	He offered that they go see the romantic movie that night .
1	Because of that , she started seeing moles on her skin .	One day , she noticed one of her moles had started to change .
0	Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend .	Jason has been lonely for many Year 's .
0	In high school , Tom began working out , using steroids .	He admired the guys with huge muscles beating each other up .
0	It cost us $ 50 less in refunds .	He made a small error .
1	Her offered an extra $ 5 if she did .	Gina vacuumed the inside of the car , and went to the mall .
1	He fell during practice and hurt his knee .	Scott was so disappointed that he could n't play .
0	Anna decided to drink tea more often .	To her surprise , it was n't too bad .
1	Johnny 's parents signed him up for lessons at the local YMCA .	He learned to swim , so he was able to go to camp and have fun .
1	Jack lived in Canada .	He did n't like the cold , but he endured it .
0	I was humiliated , and never went to the movies with Jane after that .	The ticket guy said I could n't get in without a guardian , being 16 .
1	He was traveling to Las Vegas every weekend and coming home broke .	She decided not to cook or have sex with him .
1	Gary decided to go hunting .	He had never hunted before .
1	She watched all the movies and read all the books .	She wished a vampire whisk her off her feet one day .
1	She put it in a bowl and mixed it heartily .	It did not turn out quite the way she hoped !
0	The interviewer was an old friend from college .	The next morning she fixed a cup of coffee and headed to the interview .
0	My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich .	I decided to go on vacation to America .
1	When it was released , he went straight to the music store .	He bought 100 copies .
1	Audrey went out in the morning to start the car before work .	The made a clicking sound and would n't start .
1	Kim went into labor and still did n't have a name .	The baby was born and she named the baby after her doctor .
0	She has been looking for more work but ca n't find any .	She needs to pay rent and is behind on her bills .
1	She flirted with any man in sight and was asking for free drinks .	Due to her behavior , the security guards came .
1	She still had 3 hours in class , and she had volleyball later .	It was her first time drinking coffee so she was unprepared .
0	Only when she got very angry or excited did it start to slip through .	She painstakingly trained herself to alter her natural accent .
0	Her cat accidentally scratched her in the face .	Sarah was playing with her cat .
1	Virgil brought home a bright blue recliner he had found online .	His wife thought it was hideous and clashed with the decor .
0	He was trying to put the box away when the bottom end opened .	Fred was making spaghetti .
0	He came back with his pole and a fish attached .	The kid jumped in the pond after it .
0	Around the 35th burpee , Rich started feeling dizzy .	Every morning he liked to do 200 burpees .
0	The man opened the back door of his apartment .	The man moved to Iowa .
1	The Lee family had a history of serving in the military .	The youngest son of the family , Chang did not want to serve .
1	Baby Eddie did n't want to sleep .	He fought hard to keep his eyes open as he played .
0	However , Horatio did not feel a strong connection with her .	He met a nice woman and they went out for coffee .
1	Mark planned a trip to Ireland with his girlfriend .	When he got there , he proposed to his girlfriend .
1	It was time to clean his room so he looked under it .	As well as shoes he found something big and fluffy .
0	Harlan bought a wig that looked like her old hair .	We took her to a wig shop .
0	He told the girl she was pretty and smart .	Sam had a crush on a shy girl at work .
1	Jim stood up and asked why they were there .	Mark just shrugged and told him to put his towel back on .
0	A squirrel ran out in front of her car .	Kathy was driving her car on the highway .
0	But she had no choice other than to wait .	She knew it would be tight .
1	I decided to buy new sketcher shoes at Academy .	Did n't think about it too much because shoes did n't mean much to me .
1	Jackson bought new shoes that were very comfortable .	Finally his back pain was gone .
1	Jerry spilled his drink and demanded that guy buy him another drink .	They began fighting and Jerry beat him up .
0	He needed to buy her some tampons .	Peter went to the store for his girlfriend .
1	Chad played his flute in the talent show .	He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy .
0	One day , they decided it would be fun to take the kids to a new place .	The Smith family loved to go on day trips on their boat in the summer .
1	Unfortunately , the dog decided to pounce on Tom instead .	The dog 's owner did n't even apologize .
0	He then realized he did not have an oven !	He bought the dough , sauce and cheese .
0	He fought hard to keep his eyes open as he played .	Baby Eddie did n't want to sleep .
0	Nita was not Irish at all - she was French !	The company revealed surprising information to her .
0	It broke my heart to get rid of it .	It 's sitting in the dumpster at the fire station .
1	They offered to extend the due date a few weeks .	Mark was so grateful and he thanked them .
1	She made the mangoes into a delicious sorbet .	The customers loved Terry 's mango sorbet so much that she sold out .
0	He entered , and was asked to design a Christmas sweater .	He saw a competition from a soda company .
0	He ran to where he thought it was and dug in the sand to no avail .	The wave moved the glass to somewhere where Sam could n't find .
1	Chad 's kids wanted to go to the zoo .	Chad and his wife were too busy .
0	I can not wait to take her back to the dog park .	She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs .
0	Todd chased his poodle across the park .	His poodle got loose from her leash .
1	She stayed at her friends house and they happened to collect mirrors .	She had such a severe anxiety attack her mom forced her into therapy .
1	Mary was watching a movie .	Her cat walked up to her foot .
1	Harry had been out walking for miles .	He got lost in the woods and did n't know it .
0	He liked the taste but still made a note reminding him to buy pasta .	He decided to use rice as the starch instead .
1	The mall decided to press charges .	My son went to prison for one month .
0	She told me she found them in the living room .	I found them on my wife 's feet .
0	But he was interested in interracial dating .	Charles is a black man who is used to dating black women .
1	One night , I decided to figure out who it was that played so well .	I sat out in front of my house , waiting for them to begin .
0	Now she is not stressed out anymore .	Finally she got help with her money .
1	She was caught sneaking out at midnight at a friend 's house .	She was being driven back home
1	Ben wore the colors of the Confederate Army .	In one battle , a cannon blew off his leg .
0	He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed .	Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise .
1	Olivia was a ballerina .	Her dream was to dance internationally .
0	He purchased the items on the list .	He drove to the store .
1	I use it for playing old CD-ROM games .	I will need to upgrade its memory next .
1	As he picked it up again the same thing happened .	Cal looked closely and saw his briefcase had a broken latch .
1	While she was out she saw a pretty one .	She bought it and brought it home .
1	The wind started to pick up soon after I arrived .	The sand got into my lunch .
0	They decided to bail on their other plans .	However they had other plans .
1	He went around to a mall in another town looking for the right kind .	After trying on several pairs , he found one he liked .
0	Lucy rode home in silence upset she did n't get to pick her own shoes .	After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her .
0	He was curious to see what was in it .	The name of his mother was on it .
1	Sally lives by a large lake full of fish .	She always wanted to take up fishing .
1	The tea rapidly cooled to his liking .	Greg drank the cup in one gulp .
0	He begs her to put it in the bank but she refuses .	Dan finds out his grandmother keeps her money under a mattress .
1	However , the heat began to make him sweat .	The 100 LSD hits began leaching into his skin .
1	His brother also wanted the room , and a fight broke out .	Their mom appeared and decided to give the room to their sister .
1	He died over and over again and almost gave up .	He keep trying and finally beat the game .
1	This was the first time she had gone bowling .	I had to show her how to hold the ball .
0	He jumped in and began to retrieve sticks and plants from the water .	Henry noticed that his pond was very messy and needed to be cleaned .
1	Paul McCartney had attended the show .	Paul was very impressed with John .
1	It was the end of the month for Lara 's magazine .	She was getting upset because she loved that magazine .
1	The stores were all closed .	Jake got married in shorts and a t-shirt .
0	My dad got a job in the city .	I ran around barefoot and got dirty often .
1	David always thought that he could eat anything .	However , on his trip to India , he found that some food made him ill .
0	Everyone was late to their next class .	When the dismissal bell rung , he held the class .
1	Taylor wanted to have blond hair .	Her hair was dark so she had to bleach it first .
0	The hole was full of bees .	Elizabeth fell in a hole .
1	The boy held the toy while his mom payed for clothes at the register .	His mother found the toy in the car but did not return it .
1	I tried to explain to him once that New York is the state above us .	I explained we were in Pennsylvania .
0	As they finished the song , they all fell down .	Nicole was spinning around in a circle with her classmates .
1	Jan called herself the coupon queen .	She filled her home with items she got for next to nothing .
1	He went online and gave it a shot .	But it was so confusing !
1	Jim had to take time off from work to do so .	His boss told him that he could n't or risk termination .
1	Brody was thinking about moving across the country .	Susan was scared of losing her friend so she told him how she felt .
1	Omar was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile .	And he blamed it on his heavy shoes .
0	Jason felt badly and could n't apologize enough .	This time his little cousin got hurt in a fight .
0	Roy had the ball and took a very long shot .	The game was very close and almost over .
1	She 'd always pester her friends to join her .	One time her friends consented to come along .
0	He told her that if she told anyone , something bad would happen .	She told him that what he was doing is wrong .
1	Antwan was very young when his mother died .	It affected him so much , he got on drugs at age thirteen .
0	Stella started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold .	Stella feels compassion for the homeless animals .
0	The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small .	When they were clean , he put them in the dryer on high .
0	Everyday at school she was bullied .	she was n't able to do many things .
1	My dad was very angry .	Fortunately , it came out very easily .
1	They were in the basement after coming in a window .	With a Monopoly game in hand , they climbed the stairs .
1	June and her children got to visit with all the different animals .	When they left , the children waved farewell to the farmer .
0	She filled the tub with warm water .	She decided to take a bath .
1	She went to see them the first day they arrived .	She loved them !
0	Rex managed to get off his chain and took the bird by surprise .	One day , Rex saw a little bird hopping on the street .
1	They wanted to see a special shrine , but needed to return immediately .	But they did n't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter !
0	Ike had a great time playing basketball with them !	They shrugged and acquiesced .
1	Ian decided to learn how to play basketball .	Playing basketball was a lot harder than watching it .
0	Everyone laughed when he called himself Superman .	He would call himself Superman from then on .
1	It snarled as though it was going to attack her .	Anna turned and fled quickly !
0	He ran out of the groceries his mother had stocked up for him .	He had an apartment with some other guys .
1	She clutched her necklace and looked over the ocean contently .	Fearing no consequences , she romanced a boy of low class .
0	They agreed , and set the entire thing up for her .	Jessica asked her parents to help start a lemonade stand .
1	Jenna was very allergic to cheese which gave her migranes .	Her friend worked hard making her a fancy meal and forgot the allergy .
1	He decided to ask his friend to watch the big race with him .	They had a lot of fun watching the race car championships together .
0	She searched her house for her running shoes .	She decided to go on a run .
1	Jeff took the check and put it into his pocket .	Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check .
1	When Christmas came Susie was so excited .	When she opened her presents though , there was no bike .
0	As Hallie arrived , she was greeted by her family and friends .	Hallie decided , that maybe a trip to Miami would lift her spirits .
0	He was worried about one thing , though .	He knew he would enjoy being back home .
0	They roasted hot dogs around the fire , had s'mores , and told stories .	Todd build a fire so they could cook dinner and stay warm .
0	Dan heard a creaking sound but was n't sure what it was .	There was a large old tree in his backyard .
1	The lumberjacks were scared and decided to go away for good .	The bear saved his forest and was able to live happily ever after .
0	He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink .	He finished all his chores after dinner so he could watch it .
0	In addition , they never bothered to cover their mouth while sneezing .	Everyone was coughing on campus .
0	A boy across the room stuck his tongue out at Dan .	Dan 's class was in the library at school .
1	Her niece and nephew came out and decided to help .	The kids began to jump on the large pile of leaves .
1	We waited to make sure the weather would hold out .	It has been a mild spring so they were able to still dig .
0	Mike quits his job .	He dreams of becoming an entrepreneur .
1	Her father and mother had been at a party all day .	At 11 PM they were both still drinking .
0	Luckily she picked up a gold one .	She decided to drive to the Apple Store .
1	Ben told her he did n't want to .	His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her .
0	Nancy looked online to see how to build a stereo of her own .	She wished she had a stereo of her own .
1	After some time , he felt a pang of guilt .	Mary 's brother returned the diary to its hiding spot .
1	So buys a wallet with a chain .	He and his friends think it looks ridiculous .
1	I always wanted a pet .	I finally decided to get one .
0	Thankfully Jimmy was okay .	He slid into the ditch .
0	He got inside and the driver took off .	A few minutes later , a limo came into the school .
1	One day on her sister 's insistence , she got a haircut .	After that the clients started pouring in .
1	His boss also berated him for being such a square .	Sam no longer enjoys going to work .
1	When I got home I instantly had to take him back .	I had a pet rat for less than one hour .
0	Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion .	He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away .
1	But Erin liked the results .	He was proud of how good his lawn looked .
1	Gina worried it would be someone else she did n't like .	To her delight her sister stepped out of the car .
0	So he tried to eat less the next day .	But afterwards , he had a headache .
1	It was the third time .	If he did n't pay soon he would be evicted .
0	Eventually he had enough saved to take the trip .	He started saving for the trip for many years .
1	Todd and Bob planned a ski trip .	They bought all their equipment .
0	And then she put a 20 dollar bill in the tube .	So she searched her dad 's wallet .
0	The rich man gave him 23 cents and walked on .	The beggar told him tales of his travels and woes .
0	He was very supportive of them practicing these skills .	Their school principal found out about the club .
0	When he got home , he froze what was left of it .	The ice cream got melty and sort of made a mess .
1	Raven was a nurse .	She lost her job for some undisclosed reason .
1	His mother told him that they must go to the doctor .	At the doctor , Billy was worried he 'd have to get a shot .
1	He rushed back to the library , but when he arrived it was closed .	He could n't sleep very well because he was worried about his wallet .
1	He chose a tattoo parlor and made an appointment .	When he arrived , the artist was very nice .
1	Joe asked Tina to the dance instead .	Tina said she was going to the dance with Nan .
0	He maintained a positive attitude and commented on her looks .	She gave him a hug and tried to ask how he 's doing .
1	She was reading a book when she felt a sharp pain in her arm .	Her arm was swollen due to a bee sting !
0	He ate one of our ducks .	One day , my neighbor 's dog got into our yard .
1	Mother made some turkey sandwiches .	She gathered chips and punch and added them .
0	I taped and stapled the plastic to the windows .	I cut the plastic with a knife to fit the windows .
0	She was trying to find an outfit for Daisy to wear to a date .	She was so good her friends started hiring her to find them deals .
1	I ate at a restaurant called Raffertys .	After dinner we made it to the dance club !
0	However Tim wanted to be serious .	She liked their relationship .
0	Erin eventually got his money back .	The seller never replied , so Eren contacted customer support .
1	The next day she realized all the clothes he washed were now pink .	She vowed never to let him do laundry again .
1	Finally his mother pointed it out .	It turns out it was in Africa .
1	It was broken by hospital staff during a stay there .	The hospital reimbursed me for a new one .
1	I sat down in the front of the school to wait for my parents .	My teacher saw me and offered a ride home .
1	Bay and his friends lived in a very poor neighborhood and had no toys .	They wanted to firm a baseball team , but none of them had equipment .
0	No one was hurt , but their truck , food and toys were destroyed .	Once the arrived in the little town , they were in a very bad wreck .
0	Lindsay passed her first three certifications with ease .	She took practice exams and studied every day .
0	He finally was able to borrow a phone from a passerby .	None of the streets seemed to have a phone booth .
0	Soon she was earning lots of interest on her money !	Ava agreed , and switched the funds into the CD .
0	She loved her job .	Scarlet was a pirate ship 's parrot .
1	he got on the bus	He arrived on time
1	Kate listened to loud music on her laptop .	Her roommate asked her to turn it down .
1	They ate companionably .	Then Ed dropped to his knees .
1	We went to a tree farm and took a hayride out behind the fields .	We searched through the trees to find the perfect one .
1	That 's why it was strange to his friends that Fred would shoplift .	Fred was at the mall looking for his next opportunity .
1	I got into my car and went on the road .	I stopped at a blockbuster video store .
1	I hit the popcorn button .	When it was done , I smelt something burnt .
1	Lucretia realizes that she needs to see if there is any new mail .	She talks down to the mailbox to check .
0	Charles began researching the incident .	The media reported Mad Cow Disease was going around .
1	His dog kept barking at him all morning !	Gary realized the water bowl was empty and filled it up .
0	The stores were so crowded it was hard to find good gifts .	She went to every shopping mall she could think of .
1	Beth wanted to make some brownies .	Beth found her grandmother 's brownie recipe to use for the brownies .
0	He had never been to a death metal concert before .	One night I convinced my boyfriend to go with me .
1	Bryan only had one hundred dollars in his checking account .	He had two bills to pay and it was three days before he got paid .
1	Nate could n't stop calling Diana .	When she arrived in school , she looked in all directions .
1	Today I drove to the library in order to meet up with my group .	I ran into Sarah and Lucy who were apart of my group .
0	Evie told the mobster no thank you , she only steals jewels .	The mobster offered Evie a large amount of money .
0	She looked in the mirror when she was ready .	Finally , it was time to wash out the dye and see her new color .
1	She joined a gym and began to exercise 3 days a week .	She also chose to stop eating junk and stick to a healthy diet .
1	His dad said no .	Tommy found a Goat on his way home from school .
1	But the Patriots missed some key plays , as did the refs , and lost .	The Giants had pulled off the biggest upset in sports history .
1	Drea was furious .	Gina let her yell for 20 minutes about the betrayal .
1	Last week my basketball game went into overtime .	We played better in overtime than we did in regulation .
0	However , he immediately ran to the water foundation a minute later .	Although I asked if he was okay , he pretended to be fine .
1	Tim got a new skateboard .	The first time he used it he fell .
1	Mary had just moved and was going to a new school .	The new year was about to begin and Mary met with her teachers .
1	She had not eaten all day .	Luckily , she had a granola bar in her kitchen .
0	He was the janitor for the whole of the university grounds .	James worked at Washington State University .
0	Fortunately , it came out very easily .	My dad was very angry .
1	Each day she rode a bus to the lake to take lessons .	Joanie learned the final test was swimming from a boat to shore .
0	The sniper readjusted his scope for the rain and waited some more .	Light rain began to fall from the sky .
1	His wife had told him she had important news .	He feared something was wrong !
0	This year her dog knocked it over and shattered it .	It is her favorite piece .
1	Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots .	Now , she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times .
1	I wanted to stand my ground and agreed .	She paused and left .
1	One day my teacher allowed us to dismiss 30 seconds before the bell .	I hated being in crowded hallways so I took out speedwalking .
1	Finally , Mike passed the test on his third try .	Then , he got the job .
0	Luckily , ob 's hard head broke his fall .	Suddenly , the chain snapped and dropped bob to the floor .
0	One of the players had been fouled and was up to shoot .	The basketball game was tied 30-30 .
1	I had more important things on my mind .	I was getting a scholarship to Yale .
1	Carol had a long day at work and was tired .	Instead of cooking , she decided to order pizza for her family .
1	He found the oil cap and removed it .	He tried to pour in oil but spilled it a little .
0	She pulled at the tear with a bit too much force .	She bit the corner to start a tear .
1	All of Deb 's friends bought eggs from her and they told their friends .	Now Deb has a successful chicken ranch and pays all her bills .
1	Ted was walking down the street with his earphone in his ear .	He bent over to tie his shoelaces .
1	They mixed pizza , milk , corn , and everything the cafeteria offered .	Students in the group dared each other to eat the mishmash for money .
0	I was just a kid and I the internet was new .	I used to go on chat rooms .
1	Emma fell in love with Paul .	Paul did n't feel the same for Emma and rejected her .
1	She was having a really hard time but she pushed herself .	She managed to pass and she got to be a lifeguard .
1	The temperature started to drop .	All the leaves on the trees began to change color .
1	After some thought , I agreed it needed to be done .	I left the house early on a Saturday morning .
0	Soon Mary 's hand was as good as new !	The doctor there bandaged her hand and gave her medicine .
1	She hoped for a girl !	When it was time to learn the sex , she held her breath .
1	She is on a project to rebuild transit buses .	She drove up to the rebuild site last week .
1	We ended up lost in the maize for two hours .	We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together .
1	The rest of the office think Tom is a swell guy .	One day Tom gets called into the office .
0	He stopped to pick the fruit and took some home .	He noticed an apple tree laden with fruit .
0	Later , ten speed bikes were in vogue .	I rode three speed Raleigh bikes .
0	When cleaning the papers , he comes across an old photo that he loved .	Horace cleans out all the old junk and papers from his closet .
1	I bought one finally on the Internet and it fit perfectly .	I tested it out by dropping it and it did n't have a stretch .
1	I called the management as our unit still had no internet .	We finally got service at 7 o'clock .
0	He was still alive .	He was stranded on the beach .
1	Last night was brutal .	I stayed up all night until 3 in the morning .
0	His boss told him that he could n't or risk termination .	Jim had to take time off from work to do so .
0	The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel .	Everyone is now leaving to find a hotel .
0	After a while , Harry and members of his family got sick .	Harry brought a rat to London one day to be his pet .
0	The test results from the biopsy were positive for lymphoma cancer .	She went to the doctor who scheduled a biopsy of the lump .
1	She was nervous for her final exam .	She studied for hours and hours .
1	A murderer was on the loose in my neighborhood .	I became terrified and started to cry .
1	We gave him money for an Xbox .	He was going to combine the cash with a Best Buy gift card he had .
1	However he could not afford the payments on it .	He decided to give people flying lessons for money .
1	Morgan had never been to camp before .	She was extremely nervous the entire car ride there .
1	Kathy was driving her car on the highway .	A squirrel ran out in front of her car .
0	The rabbit was making a squealing noise .	One day , I saw my Daddy out the window holding one of the rabbits .
0	Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP .	Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas .
1	Jayson was playing in his first soccer game this season .	He was running and helping his teammates .
1	Anna could not swim .	She decided it was time to learn .
0	I packed my raincoat .	The forecast called for rainy .
1	She took some medicine and had some tea .	She felt terrible all day and went to take a nap .
1	It was clay !	They took it home and had a wonderful day making toys out of it .
0	But Abby had the ACT coming up and she was very nervous .	Since she liked school , Abby usually got good grades .
0	Kim moved the pots and pans in tone order .	She hit them with a wooden spoon to hear the tone .
0	The exterminator sprayed his entire home with insecticide .	Tom immediately called the exterminator .
1	He opened up the fridge and saw no milk .	He let out a sigh and made himself toast instead .
1	Tom was in the market for shoes .	He wanted a nice pair of boots to wear to nice restaurants .
1	One day , I saw my Daddy out the window holding one of the rabbits .	The rabbit was making a squealing noise .
0	She spent nearly an hour clearing her cart .	She had a bunch of coupons and her list was built around them .
0	It was supposed to be just the two of us .	We rented out a log cabin in the woods .
1	Pavel is excited to vote in the presidential election .	He 's reviewed his candidates .
0	Once he found it , he made the phone call .	He had to search for the phone .
1	As it was too short , I read another one this week .	The book mentioned important films in history .
1	Joe needed a new phone .	He looked online for reviews of different phones .
1	Madison and Max were about to catch a flight .	They did n't have a lot of time to get to the airport .
0	But by then her lunch hour was over .	Eventually she finally decided .
0	She decided to take her health more seriously .	Jemma was overweight and out of shape .
1	He was in the waiting room with some other auditioners .	Suddenly , a fight broke out between some of the guys .
1	I completed a qualification to do the HIT .	Then the HIT guided me to write a story .
0	Becca was so excited to see a shooting star .	We spent hours looking up at the stars .
1	My mom had Alzheimer 's when she was 80 .	One day she hid a lot of cash in the apartment .
1	Our dog , Brody , needed some vaccinations we realized on Monday .	After calling the vet , we took him to get these vaccinations .
1	Shay was on a dinner date .	He was very hungry .
0	He was excited for his first day at his new school .	Cruz was a good kid .
0	I went to the kitchen to make a sandwich .	She asked me if I was hungry .
1	Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help .	She went inside and explained her predicament .
0	She passed a sign that said Welcome to Ebenezer .	Amy was on a late night drive .
1	Molly was doing some chores Saturday .	She spent most of her time meticulously sweeping the living room .
1	They had baby chicks you could rent .	You would take them home for a few weeks .
0	I had a very hard time trying to find anywhere that ran articles .	Music websites usually just run articles about modern music .
0	The instructor arrived and attempted to teach John the basics .	He recently hired a professional instructor to teach him how to play .
0	But , Mandy fell asleep during the show .	She finished just in time to watch the show .
1	Amanda tried her best , but the taste made her sick .	She ended up throwing the whole drink up .
0	Richard is proud of himself for completing it .	It goes much faster than he thought .
1	She got to participate in the state science fair at the Capital .	On the way there , her apparatus broke in the van .
1	Simon was sad because he did n't have any friends .	His parents thought a puppy might cheer him up .
0	Abel apologized and promised to do a better job next time .	One day one of his customers was unhappy with the work Abel did .
1	She was used to this from regular people , but not little people !	She dumped her little friends and made new regular sized friends .
1	Unlike many , I do not use photos of family or pets .	I am a transit buff , so I feature photos of subway cars and trolleys .
0	My responsibility was to get the puppy it 's shots .	My father bought me a puppy for my birthday .
1	He apparently wrote it for the wrong date .	Now Jim double checks his appointments .
1	She said that she 's enjoying the game .	Jim managed to hit her on the head with the ball .
1	I looked down and I was only going 27 mph .	However , there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph .
1	On the way home Tom told me he wanted to stop to buy a net .	We stopped and he bought a net for the next trip .
0	She grabbed her bird book and started to flip through it .	I called to my wife to see if she knew what kind of bird it was .
0	She surely deserved more praise for all she did .	Stacy felt unhappy with her lot in life .
1	At my place , there are a lot of seating options .	Sometimes it can be hard to choose where to sit .
1	She bought herself a standing mixer at the store .	She now does n't have to knead the dough .
0	I spent some time making coffee and sitting down .	It started raining this morning .
1	He decides to become a stamp collector .	He gathers a wide variety of stamps , both rare and common .
1	Steve wanted to fly planes .	He took a class on how to fly them .
0	She grabbed a cookie to eat on the way .	Jane was late for her dentist appointment .
0	Ana was allowed to pick out one new stuffed animal .	Ana and her mom went to the toy store .
1	They trashed the shelves and messed with the computers .	After talking to her manager , she was able to get them banned .
0	He thought they were disgusting .	Arnold was scared of mice .
1	Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go to the park .	Arriving at the park she noticed a large amount of ducks .
0	Her first batch had just finished and was cooling on the rack .	She loved to bake cookies of all different kinds .
0	He took his own life to escape it .	Eventually he accumulated a lot of debt because of it .
1	It led me deep into the woods .	Eventually , I found a large pond in the woods .
1	They came back to the hotel and got ready .	They went out to a club and danced .
1	Drew wanted to learn to surf .	He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean .
0	Lava also began to flow .	Smoke poured out of the volcano .
0	On the resume , she put her friend 's phone numbers as fake employers .	She had no experience so she made a fake resume .
0	But his grandma could n't afford apples often , so he rarely got pie .	Jay loved apple pie , especially homemade from his grandma .
0	The teen laughed at the many car accidents that day .	In the morning people believe the doctored signage .
0	At the start of the third period , the game was tied .	Last week , Rick 's team played in the championship game .
0	The gym instructor told him to run .	He joined the gym .
0	Finally Tina showed up .	Everyone showed up except Tina .
1	She was a very hard worker .	One day she got a call from a grumpy old man .
1	All of a sudden a man began running towards the tracks .	He jumped in front of the train , but the train slowed down .
1	A raven happened to fly down and began to watch the kids .	When the parents brought them snacks , they shared with the raven .
0	Tim took a bite and absolutely loved it !	It was time for Tim to try cake , he got a piece on his plate .
0	The girls got the ingredients together to make the pies .	Tonight they decided to have a pizza party .
0	He took a match and lit the living room on fire .	He decided to light his house on fire .
0	He tried to then use it as a cane , since he needed one .	My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese as well .
1	He put on a tee-shirt and slung the backpack over his shoulder .	Outside in the heat of the morning Larry began to regret his decision .
0	She did n't say anything .	I got irritated and asked her what was wrong .
0	She had to do the laundry .	Sally did n't have any clean clothes to wear .
1	Ellie loves to restore old furniture .	She is at an estate sale looking at a dresser .
1	First he memorized the alphabet .	Then he began sounding out simple , easy words .
0	Amy ended up throwing most of the yogurt in the trash .	To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings .
1	The tote proved to be considerably more difficult .	Lucy worked for hours sewing , ripping seams , and resewing .
0	She was walking along an indoor pond area .	Rachel was walking through a hotel with her suitcase .
1	They can show almost anything on it .	Yesterday , there were three shows on cooking .
0	She quickly grabbed her extinguisher and tried to put it out .	She ran into the living room and saw a fire from a candle .
0	He saw the flyer for the audition and wanted to try it .	Frank had never been in a band before .
0	I found a recipe and design and got to baking .	It was up to me to make her dream come true .
0	No one has heard from her since .	Smokey took the car , packed her apartment , loaded it up and left .
0	I am sad to lose them .	They had been my friends for many years .
0	Now her nails are beautifully painted .	Roxy picks out a color to paint her nails .
1	Gina stood in a black dress , and black stockings at a grave .	When the wind blew she wished she were in pants .
1	Larissa had always been mean and bossy .	When Larissa was twenty-eight , she got a boyfriend .
1	Kelly had an important interview .	She drove to the town where the interview was in .
0	Yesterday while he was running he twisted his ankle .	Bob loved to run through the park .
1	Peter went to the store for his girlfriend .	He needed to buy her some tampons .
0	So I made them and got paid anyway .	Still , it 's a job and I need money
0	She never got near another porcupine again .	He had to take her to the vet to have them removed .
0	Jill asked for their ID to verify that they were over 21 .	They had a case of beer in their hands .
0	It was hideously ugly .	She made me a sweater for my birthday .
0	Frustrated , Juliet bought two frozen pizzas instead .	Unfortunately , the store was all out of tuna .
1	Ned left the bar one night , tipsy and tired .	He was pulled over on his way home , for speeding .
0	But his perception changed when he represented his friend in court .	Mark did n't think his profession would interfere with his friendship .
1	The handle fell out and stranded her in the room .	Nothing in the room fit in the handle slot .
0	He went to a diner for a burger .	He was bored and decided to get some food .
0	The adoption place never informed me that they were n't fixed .	I adopted two dogs a few Year 's ago , a male and a female .
0	I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement .	I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped .
0	Christine conducted research to see which type of tree would fit her .	Christine was deciding between a real or artificial Christmas tree .
1	Afterwards she would work on her report .	Three hours later , Gina was outside playing with Lucy .
1	The opponent was from another school .	After a hard game , Tim 's team lost .
0	It was something very unique and special .	When you would get to one tree , you had to then swing to another .
0	No matter what he tried , nothing would come up on the monitor .	Jim could not get the computer to work .
0	Brandy took the cat to an animal hospital where it was revitalized .	She then ran to the sound and found a sickly feral kitten .
0	She wandered around sadly looking for her mom .	Lee and her mom went to the mall , but Lee got lost !
0	His dogs were hungry and they had no food .	Bryan was trying to do his homework , but his dogs were barking .
1	I let all my dogs out back in the morning .	About an hour later I went out there to check on them .
0	Abbey returned from her vacation with a new outlook on life .	Abbey had so much fun that she hated to go home .
0	He was nervous because it was his first time .	Burt was in charge of fireworks for the town fair .
1	I had been waiting for the seventh Star Wars film for many years .	Finally , it was one day before the release date .
1	It was a test day .	Jim flunked his class .
1	His favorite is coming to his town to give a speech .	He saved up money and asked for the day off .
0	Greg did not want to watch any more games .	They were not playing very well in the season .
0	The coworker tells Bob that this girl is perfect for him .	Bob is excited when one of his coworkers sets him up on a blind date .
1	Tom was playing kickball with his friends .	Suddenly , it started raining .
1	I quickly put on my coat and shoes and ran out the door .	I got outside and saw the bus had just driven away .
0	The tapping quickly started again .	He did n't see anything , and dropped the blinds .
1	Lenny was laying on his couch watching TV .	His cat came inside and jumped into his lap .
1	He had seen that there were no presents under the tree .	But the next morning , his eyes widened in shock .
0	Amy , Kim and Lynn had been up all night .	It was 4 AM .
0	She sadly had to resign from the Christmas concert .	But a week before the show , Tina got laryngitis .
0	He trained for weeks and weeks trying to go heavier .	For weeks he could n't lift more than 200 pounds .
1	She was crying as she explained to an officer .	He smiled and offered her something to eat .
0	It was a very easy recipe to make .	I bought beans , diced tomatoes , and beef .
1	Joe was just getting his hair trimmed .	Until his barber sneezed while shaving his neck .
0	At my friend 's place , there is no heat .	I stayed with a friend .
0	They disagreed on dinner .	Rhonda and her husband do n't get along .
1	However , he became frustrated .	In person , he tried to ignore me .
1	Jenna decided to start a diary .	She started to write all of her secrets in the diary .
1	He decided to call his son into the room to help him .	After a few moments , his son told him his battery had run out .
1	He wanted to demonstrate them to me .	I was obviously uncomfortable letting in a stranger with knives .
1	I immediately went to the trash can .	I ended up getting sick .
0	We settled on a date , time , and place .	My friend Bobby called to invite me out to dinner .
0	She found work with a hotel in the city .	She saved up for the move and looked for work in the area .
0	She turned blind .	Tammy was too excited and did it anyway .
0	Ed ended up crashing his car !	He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong .
1	It began to walk towards me .	I took off my jacket and started yelling .
1	The self checkouts had the shortest lines .	We paid for our groceries and were on our way .
0	They all left the bar together and headed to the aircraft .	They agreed upon a sum of money and hired him .
0	Dan shivered and shone his flashlight all around him .	It was a dark and stormy night .
0	She agreed so they went to dinner .	He asked if she wanted to catch up .
1	Joey was wearing his lucky socks .	He did not want to take them off .
1	He made a flyer asking for a strong helper .	He tacked it to every telephone pole around his house .
1	He went to an accountant .	He answered the accountant 's questions about his income .
1	My mom smelled something and came outside .	She asked who did it and I was quiet .
1	Nevertheless , here she was with her husband at the sixth hole .	Getting bored , Jane bet her husband that he would miss his putt .
1	He worked out everyday for six months .	He finally thought he could beat his friend Jim .
0	Gina did n't care , the stereo was hers and she was taking it .	Her sisters were upset , and protested .
0	Larry refused .	One day his job required him to fly to another city .
0	Joanie learned the final test was swimming from a boat to shore .	Each day she rode a bus to the lake to take lessons .
0	She wanted to see it for herself .	James said that it was because of rust from the old iron pipes .
1	I filled my plate to the top .	I could n't wait to go back next time .
1	Gina was watching a TV show about clones .	She thought the clones were really cool .
1	Out of anxiety , Jenna accelerated strongly .	Both of the cars collided into each other .
0	They were able to pick out a painting that fit Sam 's needs .	He asked someone working for help .
1	Steve made money as an extra in films .	Next , he landed a speaking role in a movie starring Tom Cruise .
0	He rushed out to his car to leave .	Charles was running late for work .
0	In the end Rick found the grateful owner and all was well .	Rick grabbed hold of the leash and set off to find the owner .
0	On the way home he saw a stray dog .	Ian was driving home from college one day .
0	At first she was afraid of the water .	She signed up for a swimming class .
1	She bought several items when she was supposed to buy one .	Most of the items were unnecessary clothing .
0	I was much more careful after that incident .	Luckily , the firecracker was a dud .
0	One day Linda asked Jay for a pencil .	Jay was always shy around Linda .
0	It 's very peaceful and I 'm going to do it more .	I found out that I like long drives with music playing .
0	He came back 5 minutes later .	And he decided to leave his kitchen for a while .
0	Jack found him crouching near the ground .	Jack snapped down his night vision goggles , looking for the shooter .
0	It started messing up for him .	William has a macbook .
1	The next morning the cookies and milk were gone .	And someone had put presents in her stocking !
0	When Jim arrived to the house , she was n't there .	She told him to pick her up around 8 o'clock .
1	Neither one of us drives very well .	We hired a livery service for the wedding and reception .
1	She did n't request anything weird like peanut butter and pickles .	Instead , she wanted a plain , ordinary cheeseburger and fries !
1	She decided she needed a break .	She ran away to find peace .
0	She was able to survive until she received a job at a grocery store .	Cynthia was completing tasks for businesses , making money .
1	She decided to invite her out to lunch .	There , Jessica apologized .
0	Finally , in the last store they went to , they found the perfect chair .	They went to a lot of different stores , but nothing stood out to them .
1	His parents agreed , and he went to the fair with his allowance .	He used all ten dollars , but he finally won a bunny .
1	She thought they were more filthy than a toilet .	Her friend convinced her to go after hours and hours of persuasion .
0	She was with another friend .	When I was walking outside , I saw her .
1	However , he got stuck .	The chimney was too narrow .
0	She brought spare socks to her desk at work .	Kim was tired of her socks being wet in the winter .
0	She sleeps soundly after a long but enjoyable day .	Finally she is finished cleaning the dishes .
1	I decided to agree with what she says and listened to her patiently .	After I got home , I got a text from her .
0	She ordered takeout from the pizzeria .	Nina really wanted Italian food for dinner .
0	I flipped on my bedside lamp to see my brother in a ski mask !	This scared me half to death .
0	I was so upset that i did n't hear my alarm clock and that i was late .	One day i overslept and was late for work .
1	She saw a sign advertising a turtle race at the carnival .	Jane caught turtles to sell before the race .
1	Dominique was taking swimming lessons .	She was scared of the deep end .
0	Over the next few Year 's , I got very good at flying .	I started my flying lessons and loved them .
1	Ashley and Lauren are still good friends , and Ashley learned a lesson .	She realized that telling lies to friends is never a good idea .
0	On the way there , the server dropped the food and it fell over Gerald .	Gerald ordered the waffles and chicken wings , his favorite food .
0	His team was losing by one point with 2 seconds left .	Corey 's team made it to the championship .
0	However , it kept him from getting a job .	It was thick and scruffy .
1	Tam and his family ordered Chinese one night .	They all ate heartily .
1	My buddy told me to put ice on it to keep it from swelling .	I probably should 've listened because today it 's swelled up .
1	She tackled him and wrested away his gun .	She stood over him with the gun and Bill did n't dare move .
0	And he hid the salt packets to prevent anyone from having them .	He wiped all of the patties with paper towels to remove excess grease .
1	Ana dug in the sand , and found that the sand would pile into shapes .	Ana made sand shapes until it was time to leave , and she was happy .
1	Matt enjoys watching videos online .	Matt opened up YouTube to watch cat videos .
0	She could n't believe they did that .	When Lisa walked in the room , she was shocked .
1	Billy Joe and Bobby Sue were sitting at home with nothing to do .	So they decided to rob a man 's house for fun and profit .
1	I was very nervous to start my job as a CNA .	I could barely sleep the night before my first day .
0	Luckily , they fit perfectly .	When they arrived , she tried them on anxiously .
1	For my 16th birthday I got my license and a car .	I was so excited .
0	She calmed all of Roy 's fears !	To his surprise , the dentist was very nice !
0	She and her grandma were snowed in in their house !	Ella 's flight home was canceled .
0	So Dan stands up to him .	Some guy is giving one of the girls a hard time at the bar .
1	Matt needed new boots for winter .	But his family was too poor to buy them for him !
1	A man drove his car on an open road .	He saw something fall from the sky .
1	Jill 's mom sent her into the donut shop to buy a dozen .	She selected 12 donuts .
0	The soggy chip made me throw up .	They let me try a dorito before it was cooked .
1	I could n't steer the horse any direction .	It started running uncontrollably .
0	He put the gas in the mower and started it .	He bought some gas for the mower .
0	Then she took her communion .	She wore her lovely dress .
0	The course was in amazing shape .	The staff were friendly and helpful .
0	Jon wrote his name on the name-card .	He walked into the classroom to see the teacher passing out name-card .
0	Then she went to the goodwill and found some for $ 5 .	She could n't afford to buy a pair .
0	She did not know anybody .	Beth had just moved to a new town .
1	He wondered if he were getting fired .	But then his manager told him some good news .
0	A teacher got hit in the heated by the football .	When he threw the ball , it broke through a classroom window .
0	His characters always ate po boy sandwiches .	I was a James Lee Burke fan .
0	Lenny now shares his sandwich passion with thousands of people .	Lenny developed his business and expanded .
0	Soon all of the dollars and postage expenses added up .	Soon he had gotten on countless mailing lists .
0	She decided to boil some milk .	Frieda wanted some oatmeal .
1	One day , he hurt his back and could no longer work out .	His appetite did not change , and he continued to eat a lot of food .
1	Carrie lost her brand new puppy .	She tried looking everywhere for it .
1	It was a great way meet people and show her school spirit .	Her costume made her feel beautiful and dramatic .
1	But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church .	Lucy 's grandma was cooking and would n't take her .
0	She really wanted something special for her birthday .	It was Mary 's 15th birthday .
0	Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing .	He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs .
1	Melissa tried to move across a bush .	She ran into a spider web .
1	After a few hours , she tentatively emerged and looked around .	Thankfully , the bear had wandered away .
1	I had never played blackjack before , but she encouraged me .	I sat and played for a little while .
1	One day , she developed terminal cancer .	I was sad for a long time .
1	The budget was too low for a professional to do it .	So the Adam 's family decided to do the bathroom renovation themselves .
0	After that , they let us down safe .	Eventuality , they manually fixed the ride .
0	My wife put pillows in the corners , forcing Tibby into the middle .	She is big , and makes it hard for one of us to stretch out .
1	A woman decided to test the accuracy of an aphorism .	She filled two pots equally with water , and put them on to boil .
1	The neighbors big dogs could n't come close to our yard at all .	I took him to my Mom 's house for a visit last Thanksgiving .
0	Mary helped Sally recover but Sally never rode her bike again .	One day Sally fell off the bike and broke her wrist .
1	Betty ended up buying some ice , some cream , and some mint .	Betty went home and made delicious ice cream herself .
0	It was going to expire soon .	For Christmas , Rodger got a gift card .
1	My husband and I went to the San Juan Islands for our honeymoon .	We took our small boat and fishing equipment .
1	She was found playing in the kid 's playground after hours .	It 's normally not a big deal .
1	Jan impressed her co-workers with her knowledge of game show trivia .	But , Jane knew the answers because she watched an earlier broadcast .
0	The quad was amazing because it was so peaceful .	One of my favorite spots to chill at was the quad .
0	She started ignoring me .	She found out .
1	His dog is blue .	Everything he owns is blue .
0	After one year , she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted .	She put the money in a savings account and never touched it .
0	When the baby was finally born , she was overjoyed to be a mom .	She could n't wait for the baby to be born .
0	Then I realized that I should n't hate the way I look .	I wished they had n't posted them .
0	However , she was so comfortable that she fell asleep .	She laid out her towel on the sand and laid down under the sun .
1	After the party there was a big mess to clean up .	None of her friends stayed to help her .
1	Tim was walking to school .	He accidentally dropped him lunch money .
0	I stopped at a blockbuster video store .	I got into my car and went on the road .
0	They wanted to go to the general store but only had one bike .	Briana and Jamie were playing outside .
1	He arrived at school 20 minutes late .	Everyone was staring at him as he walked into class .
0	I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie .	I fell in love with the Star Wars movies .
0	A bird came by .	Jane was sitting on a bench at the park .
1	When he sat down the glass shattered , splintering into his buttocks .	Don was carried out of the high class party on a stretcher .
0	Then , she tried to go to latin class .	She was nervous , but things were going well .
1	They could n't believe the view .	Jelly did n't want to get down .
0	She squeezed the bottle of bubble bath .	Joy was running a bath .
0	Often the music was not recognizable as Christmas music .	Classical music labels started issuing their own records .
1	They had a case of beer in their hands .	Jill asked for their ID to verify that they were over 21 .
1	That evening , the phone rang .	A neighbor called with some juicy gossip .
0	It strengthened their relationship that she was so forgiving .	He felt so badly , but Teresa forgave him immediately .
1	Jasmine spent time talking to recruiters and reading pamphlets .	She is convinced she wants to work in the health field .
1	She fell on the floor .	Although he apologized , she threatened to get her family .
0	But she did n't like sitting in the traffic either .	Gina was in no real hurry .
1	Dan was working on his computer when he heard a scary sound .	It was like stones crashing against his roof !
0	Jim dreaded meeting his father at the door that night .	Jim 's father loved that TV .
1	I rushed into the dentist since I was five minutes late .	The front desk worker had to reschedule my appointment .
0	The man at the counter told them all of the tickets were sold out .	They were planning to see a popular new release .
0	They purchased a potter 's wheel and decided to learn how to use it .	A couple decided to make their own pottery .
1	The oldest kid played on the jungle gym .	The youngest kid played in the grass .
0	She returned to find him in her seat , and it angered her .	While she was gone , her brother took her seat .
0	Eventually Jim became very inebriated .	They went to many bars and had lots of drinks .
0	Even though there was snow , the crocuses knew it was springtime .	A little purple flower was poking through .
0	Her boyfriend took her to the guitar shop .	She had saved up money from her summer job .
0	The doctor prescribed medicine for Joseph .	The doctor examined Joseph .
1	Gina was in the backseat of the car on a road trip .	It was night and her siblings were asleep .
1	She rehearsed for weeks and weeks .	On opening night , she acted her little heart out .
1	I searched high and low , all over the mall .	Finally , I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog .
1	Nick just became a personal trainer .	He was looking to take on clients to make some money .
1	I resolved to fix the hole in the seat of my jeans .	I got the sewing kit out of the bathroom .
1	I was having fun when I first got there .	The second day , I started to feel sicker and sicker .
1	It was 4 AM .	Amy , Kim and Lynn had been up all night .
1	He stopped and pulled out his painting supplies .	He began to paint a beautiful canvas of the tree .
0	Sarah spent all afternoon trying to fix it herself .	When she got the lawn mower out , she realized it was broken !
1	The teacher told Joshua not to bring his bird again .	When Josh got home , he was grounded .
0	At the end of the day , they all told her how much they liked her !	All the kids had a great time .
0	She rushed over only to find an ice cream shop .	One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street .
1	She bit the corner to start a tear .	She pulled at the tear with a bit too much force .
0	Trisha ran away , vowing never to set foot in Mavis ' house again .	Trisha was scarred on her face and ears .
0	Joe call his friends to go out .	Joe wanted to go out .
0	To my surprise , my grandmother had left me 100 acres of her land !	Her lawyer called me after the funeral to talk about some things .
0	While packing her toiletries , she receives a phone call .	Jenny is packing for a camping trip with her friends .
0	He works out with the coach for a month .	He decided to pay for a coach .
1	I told them that it might be some kind of placebo effect .	They looked up the scientific facts and showed them to me .
0	Her sister said she would make her a pie if she let her pick the name .	Sheila 's sister wanted to name the baby for her .
0	But he still was n't happy .	He had his large nose nose shrunk .
1	She stole John 's homework and turned it in with her name on it .	The teacher knew that Lori had n't done that work .
1	She waited all her life to get married .	She had bought the most beautiful dress .
1	Now his guitar sounds great !	Jasper is so happy he guitar sounds good again .
0	She got Sammie as a birthday present and they adored each other .	For the past 15 Year 's , Sally was inseparable from her favorite dog .
0	I made my call after work Monday night .	I called the Otterbox company about my broken phone case .
1	She agreed .	It was an intense competition .
0	The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep .	Today I took a train to meet my friends .
0	She enjoyed the performance very much .	The performance was in a theater in Boston .
1	There one was a girl named Subtlety .	She had no tact at all .
1	They walked down the road .	Then , they were at a store .
0	He found him and praised him for his patterns .	He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart .
0	One of the firemen waved back at the boy .	He waved at the firemen as they passed .
1	At the front door they said we could n't take photos .	I told them my phone camera was broken anyway .
0	It was basic math .	Jane was teaching her daughter .
0	Jim saved the little boy .	A little boy was trapped in the car .
1	One day he was gone and the whole day was a little sad .	Everyone was so glad when Aaron came back .
0	Tim stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee .	She was telling the cashier she 'd forgotten her wallet !
1	Greg was on webcam .	Suddenly he sees a fire in his room .
0	She had such a great time and ca n't wait to do it again !	She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do .
1	A car hit him from the side .	He was n't hurt that bad .
0	He was developing carpal tunnel syndrome from his computer use .	Sam had really bad pain in his wrists .
1	She wanted to show off her cooking skills .	When she went to the competition , she made a pie .
1	Jane had been trying to get pregnant for around two years now .	She was at the fertility clinic with her husband .
0	He then planned out how he would propose to his girlfriend that night .	Earlier , Steve went to the jeweler to purchase an engagement ring .
0	Father refused to pay it , out of principle .	The low down scoundrels who did it demanded a ransom .
0	He assumed all they did was stretch slowly for 90 minutes .	Harry always joked with his wife about her easy yoga practices .
1	Jill had a messy room .	She did not have time to clean it .
1	He practiced hard every day .	He did everything his coach told him to do .
1	Katie went to a girl 's camp across the lake from a boy 's camp .	When the girls went swimming , the boys across the lake watched .
0	Clara finally took her puppy home and was super happy .	She scratched his head , looked in his eyes , and picked him to be hers .
0	And Jim learned how to manage his stress better .	He wrote about its causes and effects .
0	When I awoke in the morning , the rain had gone and it was very quiet .	Even though the rain beat on the roof , I was able to fall back asleep .
1	The house was blown away by the wind storm .	Now the Jones family no longer goes to the ski house .
0	Jane left the store with the new mobile phone .	Without much hesitation , she pulled out her credit card .
1	He looked around and saw that no one had seen .	Quickly , he fled from the seen .
0	Ashley turned red and ran away .	When she rang the doorbell , Ashley 's friend answered .
0	He browsed craigslist for months .	Ted was in the market for a new car .
0	To my surprise I forgot to add cooking spray .	I got the eggs out and put them in the pan .
0	Everyone who betted for Karly won a lot of money .	Wendy ended up losing .
0	He wished the moment would last forever .	Tim was having a fun time with his friends .
1	While he was climbing , Melvin ran to the door and asked for the ball .	The neighbor showed up in the backyard in time to find Larry there .
1	He waited till I was hanging upside from a tree branch .	He smacked me in the head with a broom and made me fall .
1	Jay watched his dad have coffee every morning .	He begged to have a cup of his own .
0	Then , he never went to pick up the food .	He ordered tons of sandwiches and several pizzas .
0	She saw it shattered on the floor .	When she got in , she saw her lamp was broken .
0	She got in late , but was able to see the performance .	The trip was a disaster , as the bus broke down .
0	They all went to the beach and played volleyball .	Gerald called his friends so that they could go to the beach .
0	When she was done , Allie bought a lot of chocolate .	They offered free samples .
1	My friends got a new dog .	It was really out of control .
1	She was very shy and said no , but changed her mind .	We had dinner with her at Victoria Station , a steak house .
1	My husband works hard on our farm every day , even when he 's sick .	Yesterday his stomach hurt and never let up .
1	But he suddenly grew so tired he could n't keep his eyes open .	Dan hoped there 'd be more tasks at some later point .
1	Rachel 's face felt very puffy one day .	So she went online and looked up a recipe to de-puff her face .
0	She was at her very first house party .	Bella was in eighth grade .
0	I sat down and the cat behaved normally again .	I refilled the food bowl and the cat ate .
1	Jennifer was trying to get some lunch .	She went into the cafeteria and saw a huge line .
0	Rita will now only go on the trails when she is with friends .	She pedaled as fast as she could out of the state park .
0	They drove to a large river in the forest .	Carson invited two of his friends on a canoe trip .
1	She was running down the court with the ball .	She tripped and twisted her ankle .
0	My shopping trip was a success .	I will wear it tomorrow .
0	They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name .	Instead , the protesters thought she was one of them .
1	She became pregnant .	Steph ended up having twins .
1	He does it as often as he can .	He even builds them for friends sometimes .
1	They went to an ocean on long island .	Jimmy 's father taught him how to fish .
0	After his apology she forgave him and stayed in the marriage .	Adriana walked in on her husband with another woman .
1	Tim notices that it 's changing her .	He does n't like it the changes in his girlfriend .
0	That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed .	He was a pretty good drawer so he was n't worried about it .
0	It was super hot , over 100 degrees by 10:00 am .	Mike 's family was at the beach in July .
0	It was late at night and I was sleepy .	I decided to go to a party .
0	He liked the pudding so much he bought more .	He recently bought some chocolate pudding at the store .
1	I collect old photographs .	My favorite period is definitely the American Civil War .
0	He was able to stand but would n't move forward .	My wife and I were trying to teach our two-year-old to walk .
1	To hide his blunder , Paul called Peter by the name Buddy .	Peter saw right through this and got annoyed .
1	They wanted to see who was the strongest .	They decided to arm wrestle .
1	His pizza still did not arrive after an hour .	They forgot his order .
0	When I finished I bought Madeleines and ate them .	It took a year to read the seven novels .
1	We finished the patio , and mulch in one day !	After work , Moby was surprised how influential positivity was .
1	We both put our hands on it to play .	All the sudden , the planchette started moving slowly .
0	She was so mad at them for opening the game that she took it back .	Suddenly , her mom came out .
1	They ordered lots of drinks .	They drank all night long .
1	On December 27 , 2010 , I decided to go for a swim .	We live in Boston and it is cold in the winter .
0	He found a large tree by the side of the road .	He went to the shed and got out his ax .
1	Jess loved looking at image of cats .	She was on her favorite website , searching for the latest cats .
1	I could not find one on amazon or ebay .	I tried my local Chinatown , to no avail .
1	I had to calculate an average value .	The value was n't what I expected .
0	He feared she was ill and might soon die .	For the past weeks , his cat had been growing bloated .
0	Also some of the clubs have bad wine .	Some of the clubs have great wine .
0	Luckily it helped and she made a new friend .	She decided to join the school 's drama team to see if that would help .
0	It was a pair of tickets to a local wrestling match .	Then when Rick turned 40 , his dad bought him a special birthday gift .
0	Tom was ate dinner and satiated his appetite .	His wife cooked dinner .
1	Iggy wanted to impress his friends at the last day of school party .	He knew there would be jump ropes and hula hoops to play with .
1	He kept me up most nights for about a month .	I became unproductive at work due to the lack of sleep .
1	Freddie has always been a vegetarian .	However , this year he is hosting a party for his friends .
1	She was ungrateful to say the least .	Until she once met a man who used her .
0	She told me the minister had gotten her pregnant .	I asked her what on earth she was doing there , on a weekday .
1	Sam tried hard to fix it but could not .	He was upset and bored until he went outside .
0	She wished she had a smartphone with a map .	However , one day , Juanita became lost in a new city .
0	I would go to the fun lieus .	I dream of going to Hawaii .
0	She bought a dozen diapers in cute prints .	Lisa wanted to save money , so she decided to cloth diaper her baby .
0	His doctor told him that he needed surgery to fix the problem .	He went to his doctor to discuss the problem .
0	Zach quickly took a shower and got ready for work .	When the game was done , they realized that it 's morning time .
0	Soon she was getting high grades in her class !	Allie started to understand more and more .
1	I got up and crept into my brother 's room to see if he was awake .	The noise was him , practicing new dance moves .
0	When he was done , Steve stood back and admired his work .	Steve dug holes in the yard to insert the young plants .
1	Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter .	Frita had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies .
0	He was overwhelmed with the selection of fine whiskeys .	On one particular business trip , he visited a whiskey bar .
1	He took a few steps forward , and grabbed some moon rocks .	They were put into his bag .
1	And it was n't loud like his neighbor 's dogs .	Ryan learned to like cats .
1	He brought balloons to blow up for the kids .	He must have blown hundreds of them !
1	After searching the attic for a few minutes , they found the gown .	Alex made it to her graduation just in time .
0	I decided that the rates were too high .	I talked to the banker and they told me the interest rates .
1	She made a thick milkshake .	She drank it to relieve her thirst AND her craving for sweets !
1	Luke decided to rob a convenience store .	He was arrested by the police for robbery .
1	I showed up and we went inside and had a beer .	We watched tv and ate some pizza .
0	He was convinced into playing once .	He often took her to play bingo .
0	Then they sold the beautifully renovated house for a huge profit .	They worked on the house many hours for months .
0	The next time they played at school he was picked last again .	Soon , he was getting pretty good at soccer .
1	The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey !	From then on , Bart made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition .
1	Quite a few people brought delicious sides .	The men hung around the BBQ and the women gathered to talk .
0	She wanted to shape it like a dinosaur .	Lily tried to bake a cake for her son .
1	A visiting pastor asked if he might play it .	They managed to fire up the airbox for him .
1	He had never been on a plane before .	The thought of flying scared him .
1	A man with a surfboard reach him and pulled him on .	Together they returned safely to the shore .
0	It was his first birthday and she wanted some nice pictures .	Lauren was taking photos of her son outside .
1	He whipped out a deck of cards and did magic tricks .	People loved the tricks so much he put out a hat .
1	The day before the competition she fell at school .	Cara was in a lot of pain so she went to the office .
1	He decided to go to the trip .	Not only did he had a good time , but he got more out of it .
0	He knew he trained harder than all of the jocks and he would prove it .	As a boy he got made fun of a lot .
0	When she was looking at the list a man bumped into to her .	She had made a list and wanted to hurry home .
1	Chad 's is preparing for a saxophone solo .	His reeds are moist and he 's ready to go .
1	It was over a month ago but he could n't forget about it .	He decided to take his dog to the dog park .
0	Hot neighbor climbed the ladder and got the cat .	His neighbor got a ladder out .
1	She asked every student in the class what happened ?	None of the students had acceptable answers .
1	When it came time for the promotion Larry did n't get it .	He was devastated .
0	The baby was born and she named the baby after her doctor .	Kim went into labor and still did n't have a name .
1	David seen a job ad while on the school computer .	He filled out the application and submitted it .
0	She decided to buy a dog .	She wanted company because she was lonely .
0	Finally , the nurse 's ex-boyfriend came in .	He was followed by woman came in with a severed toe .
0	Tom 's grilled cheese stuck to the pan .	He forgot to add butter to the pan .
1	Her friend Tom said they should have a party .	She decided to bring the glow sticks to the party .
1	Children were constantly getting in my way .	Next time , I will avoid skiing during vacation week .
0	Charles began sliding backwards down a slope .	He suited up , buckled his skis , but the guys skied off !
0	He decides to always help his mother shovel instead of skiing .	After a long day of shoveling , Rex decides he has n't missed skiing .
0	She needed to get it installed .	Katie was getting a new rug .
0	She was in desperate need of one .	Kelly was excited to get a new iPod .
0	He once decided to try and race the turtles , to see which was fastest .	Matt had three turtles that he took care of every day .
0	He decided to enter a hot dog eating contest .	Ike loved eating hot dogs , and he had a big appetite .
1	Gavin was very sad when his best friend moved away .	His parent were worried about how he was moping around .
0	Then he met a girl named Juniper .	He figured he would live there forever .
1	It said it was 1:05 PM .	But Gina had no idea when she arrived .
1	I made him wash his own clothes that night .	Now he knows to put them in the Laundry .
0	She grilled up chicken for tacos .	Tia was making Mexican food for dinner .
1	He thought of a scheme to raise the funds he needed .	He gathered some friends together that he could count on to invest .
1	Quentin was afraid of sleeping in the complete dark .	He always asked his mother to leave a nightlight on at night .
1	She called her mom , who said a care package was on the way .	Sandy opened the care package to find a popcorn maker .
1	He had just gotten his tax returns .	He decided to go to his local electronics store .
1	She started sorting them .	She put everything into categories .
0	However , one of the workers started to become drowsy .	I spent hours giving them directions such as where to work .
0	Ronnie realized that he had used all of his allowance already .	They all decided to go to 7-11 to buy some snacks .
1	Jason was on a date at a restaurant .	They were told that there was a short wait .
1	He sat in his seat and took out his horn .	With his sleeve , he gave it a quick polish .
0	He thought he was sober enough to make it home .	He decided to drive home from the bar .
1	Tom let his toad roam freely around Jimmy 's house .	Unfortunately , Jimmy 's snake got to Tom 's toad before he could .
1	A bone is placed between them .	All 3 dogs grab a section of the bone at the same time .
1	He played on teams in grade school and high school .	His friend , Leo , also loved to play soccer , but he did not play well .
1	She visualized the beautiful butterfly she was to draw .	She asked her mom to give her a huge piece of cardboard .
1	But Anna could n't help but push !	She let her body take over .
1	I told Fred 's wife about how Fred said she is spoiled .	She kiddingly said he is the spoiled one .
0	I will remember that game for the rest of my life .	Amazingly , he ended up throwing a no-hitter .
0	Her family was there to greet her at the airport .	She was excited , but nervous .
1	He almost slipped on a patch of ice .	He went home and got his car .
0	His wife rushed him to the hospital .	He started having bad chest pains .
1	She had practiced recited her marriage vows until she was ready .	A bundle of nerves , she was trying to calm down .
1	Sam went to the beach with his brother .	They decided to see who would collect the most shells .
1	Driving to the grocery store in a storm , Ana heard air raid sirens .	Through her windshield , she could see an approaching tornado .
1	Milly was playing with her jack in the box .	She always startled when jack jumped up .
1	So he decided to create his own photography album .	He snapped shots of all his classmates at work and at play .
0	But they did n't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter !	They wanted to see a special shrine , but needed to return immediately .
1	It was opening for the season at last .	Bill and his friends were eager to try the new ride .
1	The possum saw me and started following me !	She kept my pace as long as her little legs could keep up .
1	His wife surprised him with one on his 26th birthday .	Mike was thrilled and uses the camera every chance he gets .
1	She found lipstick on his shirt .	Kim called off the wedding .
0	They walked for hours , enjoying each other 's company .	He , twenty years her senior , met her in the park .
1	A new music act was performing in the local stadium .	The act featured an amateur singer and professional backup dancers .
1	The sweater was ruined .	She was disappointed by but got a new one .
1	When he found it , he gave them a call .	They sent someone by to tune the piano .
0	Phuong then selected some spices .	She checked out the produce section .
0	But Amy did n't care .	Her friend Kim was furious .
1	Jessica started to panic .	She quickly realized that she could ride the bus to work so she did .
0	It turned out the bartender was giving away free drinks to girls .	He spent more time at the bar to find out why .
0	The wind blew hard and the sign over the highway waved back and forth .	Before she got to her exit the traffic came to a stop .
1	She was late to her appointment .	Her professor was irritated with Jen .
0	Seeing the one mile marker ahead , I increased my speed .	Other runners were passing me and I felt I was running too slow .
1	Then , she spent all night putting it together .	She got a second place ribbon for it .
0	She put off doing her research until day before the project was due .	Thao needed to do a school project on dinosaurs .
1	Lisa was twenty years old and pretty .	Marcus was an auto mechanic who promised her a good life .
0	His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster .	Tom put bread in the toaster and went back to his room .
1	A young man worked as an apprentice at a bicycle shop .	A customer sent a bike into the shop for repair .
1	He flipped her over in the water !	Jenn preferred going to the lake by herself after that .
0	The plate broke .	Paul dropped his plate .
0	She had bitten right into a slimy worm !	But when she bit into it , her face twisted .
1	She hoped to cure the girl of her fear .	She sent the girl to feed the dogs .
0	Cassie had a really hard time with the paddles .	The girls were canoeing a local river .
0	He had just gotten a brand new stereo system in his car .	Randy was going on a cruise with his friends .
1	Then she thought of a calorie-sensible alternative .	She blended up frozen bananas and other fruits with ice and yogurt .
1	Cal got out a plunger and plunged until it was unclogged .	In the process he became soiled from the water splashing .
1	Nick has writer 's block .	He tries several ideas for a story .
0	On his farewell tour , he breaks his knee in a game .	One year , in his 30s , he decided it was time to call it quits .
1	Then , he noticed water was coming from his ceiling , as well !	He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer .
0	He went to the doctor for a physical .	Jake got really sick last week .
0	He forced his subjects to eat peanut butter sandwiches all the time .	He ate them for every meal , every day .
0	Bob was happy to make a difference in dog 's life .	And he decided to take care of him .
1	Amy 's mom brought home boxes of Cracker Jack .	Amy surveyed the box .
1	It was summer and they were all thirsty .	But all Sugar had was her namesake , and tea bags .
1	But to her shock , she became pregnant anyways !	They kept the baby - and finally got their little girl !
1	Now he had to keep her from smashing the LL Cool J tape .	He walked to his room and put the tape in his pocket .
0	He told me i need to drink more water .	I went to the doctor yesterday for a routine check up .
0	Gina 's jewelry spilled out all over the floor .	When she tripped , the drawers flew open .
1	I entered the auditorium very nervous .	I waited for the first couple matches to be over with .
0	I decided to accept religion .	I felt a hole in my life .
1	But during rush hour a few cars backed up waiting for their turn .	Today it was rush hour , and a snow storm .
1	When she got the lawn mower out , she realized it was broken !	Sarah spent all afternoon trying to fix it herself .
1	Maurice prepares oatmeal for breakfast .	He spits out the first bite , wishing for bacon .
0	They decided to make a password .	They needed a way to keep girls out .
1	Ginny loved cats .	She decided to purchase five .
0	I started watching it with her one afternoon at 4 o'clock .	We watch it together online through a site that lets us share screens .
0	Henry was figuring out several questions that he left blank .	The teacher warned the class that they have three minutes left .
1	She ended up pregnant .	She did n't know what to do .
1	As a child I visited an unfamiliar school for an academic contest .	While at the contest I desperately needed to pee .
1	Jill was ill prepared .	She decided that she would cheat .
0	Jimmy scored his first goal !	At the final game of the season , the coach let Jimmy play .
1	Roosevelt was a staunch conservative .	He hated his name because it was of a Democrat president .
0	Hannah spent 3 hours building the giant figure .	She decided to build a giant snowman .
1	On the first pitch , the slugger hit a home run right towards Jimmy !	Leaping up , Jimmy was thrilled to successfully catch the ball !
0	He really loves the internet , and learns a lot from websites .	Mike spends a lot of his time on the internet .
0	On the count of three they pierced her ears at the same time .	She sat in a tall chair with a worker on either side .
0	His reeds are moist and he 's ready to go .	Chad 's is preparing for a saxophone solo .
1	One week Cruz was busy with his new game and did n't study .	He failed his spelling test and was grounded from his new game .
0	I put candy , drawings , and things inside to attract the leprechaun .	I really fantasized that I 'd find a leprechaun in there .
1	The book said a man 's quality of life is determined by sociability .	He decided to go out of his way to meet new people , he became happier .
0	The value was n't what I expected .	I had to calculate an average value .
0	He finally bought a new desk .	It took him hours to find one he liked .
1	Then , it was time to perform .	He did a good job and almost won .
1	Janet got in trouble at work for being rude to customers .	There were many complaints made about Janet .
1	In front of a store a lady told them she had seen a puppy like this .	She told them he was in the parking lot of the store .
0	He was n't hurt that bad .	A car hit him from the side .
0	Jim never had trouble telling time again .	One day Tina told him all about time .
0	While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles .	Julie decided to go out for a walk .
0	When Emily looked out later , the snake was gone .	She figured the snake was dead , so she placed it outside .
1	He was about to toss it into the recycling bin , when he paused .	He felt like he should double check , so he opened it up .
1	Suddenly , she spotted a very strange looking animal .	She wondered what was wrong with that horse .
0	When he was done with the outline , he showed it to me .	He took several minutes to write everything out .
1	The man saw a rainbow .	He followed it until he found the end .
0	When Lucy came to the car he could see she had a black eye .	Lucy 's grandpa came to pick her up from Mary 's house .
1	Gus attempted to tie his shoes .	He gave a final pull and the laces did not get taunt .
0	He found flight fun and exhilarating !	When the plane took off , he realized something surprising .
0	He was not happy that he had to get the tractor to tow out his truck .	When he tried to drive off the property , he got his truck stuck .
0	Lou spent all day slowly cooking the meal to make sure it was perfect .	At the market , Lou carefully chose the very best quality ingredients .
0	He filled his cart up , checked out , and went home .	The dollar store was having a mega sale !
0	The goat lived out the rest of its life at the new prarie .	It decided to make the prarie its new home .
0	She hopped in the car and looked back at the house .	The visit had been way too long .
1	He confessed that he was addicted to drugs .	I decided to take him to a psychologist .
1	She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery .	When the trip was over , she was very sad to leave .
0	Now it was time to share it with the world .	Paleontologists had learned much from the fossils it contained .
1	He usually sits alone , but today a nice lady sat next to him .	They chatted about their jobs and homes .
1	The articles were interesting , but made me sleepy .	I started to fall asleep in my chair .
0	Upon simply trying to build websites from scratch , he improved .	He rotely followed the commands of the tutorials .
1	He did not like playing with balls .	So , I covered a ball in peanut butter .
0	He had to wear his glasses , and he feared being mocked .	Then he got an eye injury and could n't wear his lenses the next day !
0	Author started to cough and had to ask for a glass of water .	Inside , they talked and waited for twenty minutes .
0	Her mother told her she was too busy to make her a lunch .	Amy did n't want to eat the school lunch anymore .
0	On Valentine 's Day morning , he told her not to cook dinner that night .	She did not expect anything from him on Valentine 's Day .
0	At the theater , they were still arguing !	But none of them could agree on which film to see .
0	Bel blushed as he bent to give her a kiss on the cheek .	She had accidentally walked under the mistletoe with a cute guy !
1	It had n't been cut in three Year 's .	His dad made him cut it for family photos .
0	She put on her boots and went outside .	Leslie woke up to a yard covered in snow .
0	Once he felt prepared , he gathered all his friends who wanted to help .	He learned as much about filmmaking as he could .
0	He only wishes that he had grown a mustache earlier .	However , Jason is very pleased with his new look .
0	It was the middle of the night and he was watching tv .	Tim thought he saw a ghost the first night in his new apartment .
0	Her mother immediately fired the babysitter .	Liz got on the phone and asked her mother to come home .
1	Frank 's sister accidentally left the gate open .	Their new puppy got outside and ran away .
0	In the end , they won the world championship !	After a while , it looked like the warriors would be the best team .
1	He had been bothering her for hours .	The teacher asked her why she threw the book .
1	He sprayed it all over his house .	All the ants died within a few hours .
0	At 11 PM they were both still drinking .	Her father and mother had been at a party all day .
0	I went to the pet store and looked around .	I decided to get a pet kitten .
0	He put a bowl of soup into the microwave .	John went into the kitchen to make some soup .
0	Denise was sad to lose her roommate .	Phoebe decided to move out .
0	She saw that he brand was at the top of the shelf .	Kim we to the supermarket to buy paper towels .
0	They took him to the hospital and he was diagnosed with polio .	When he was a baby his mother noticed his legs were not kicking .
0	Howard was suspended and the complaint was investigated .	Howard said he did n't mean to rub her the wrong way .
0	It put up a large fight since it was trying to bite the line off .	After a few minutes , the fish got caught on the hook .
0	Tim decided to get an internship working for free .	However , no one would hire someone with no experience .
0	Leaping up , Jimmy was thrilled to successfully catch the ball !	On the first pitch , the slugger hit a home run right towards Jimmy !
1	As he arrived , he knew Las Vegas was everything he dreamt of .	When Johnson got home he decided to move to Las Vegas .
1	He was severely injured .	He was told it would take him awhile to walk again .
0	Sandra took the blue pen and signed the document again .	He dug in his desk and found a green and a blue pen .
1	We hid in the bathroom until they stopped .	After the storm we saw a rainbow .
0	She let them know that first class seats had become available .	They were about to board when an attendant approached them .
0	Satisfied , I went into work , $ 40 richer than I was before I left .	I checked in the street nearby , and found another twenty !
0	When the drill began , students and teachers were given instructions .	An elementary school planned to have an earthquake drill after lunch .
0	He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables .	Johnny set out to make a nice dinner .
0	Friends informed her she had passed out before attempting the jump .	The next thing she knew , she was sitting on the ground at the bottom .
1	Then , the baby was born .	To their surprise it was actually a girl .
1	Rakesh gave his friend , Charles , $ 75 !	But Charles showed his mother the cash and she made him return it .
1	As he was walking to his car a gust of wind blasted past him !	His wife 's coat was ripped out of his hands and flew off into the sky !
0	The other runner ran past him and won the race .	One runner tripped and fell on his face .
1	He catches a mighty sea bass on his first try .	Davis decides that fishing is more fun than he thought .
1	Maggie had to bring her her coat before the float left .	She was watching them get ready and thought it looked fun .
1	But it was raining outside .	So he decided to play basketball inside .
0	After a week none of them had a job yet .	The girls were all very excited .
1	Little Becky thought her aunt took the catfish .	Little Becky stayed angry at her aunt for a long time .
1	Every Saturday we wake up early and check Facebook for Garage Sales .	Then we map out a route through our neighborhoods .
0	Lucy 's grandma was cooking and would n't take her .	But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church .
0	Suddenly , I fell !	I was walking up the stairs .
1	He decided to coffee stain the piece to hide the stain .	When he entered the painting , he did very well and won second place .
1	Janice was at the park but it started raining so she hid .	She was bored but saw another girl nearby also hiding from the rainy .
1	He boiled the water and steeped the tea bags .	Once he filled the jug with everything he set it aside on the counter .
1	A little boy was trapped in the car .	Jim saved the little boy .
1	My sister had colitis .	She could only eat certain grains .
0	When I was done , my hearing felt more clear .	I scrubbed all the wax that I could out of my ear .
0	We were looking at an exhibit when we heard a boom .	I took my family to the museum one day .
1	I saw a friendly-looking goat , and wanted my picture taken with it .	I carefully approached the goat as my Aunt snapped pictures .
0	The team won by two points and went on to state finals .	The game was tied when Dan shot the last basket hoping to make it .
0	She asked a teacher if she could babysit in exchange for lessons .	Her family did n't have money for lessons .
1	I went in and they fixed them .	Then , I was able to go home .
0	It had been coming up from behind his sink .	John had a mouse in his home .
1	My friend Sam is very competitive .	We started playing online chess after years of not playing .
0	The power struggle between 7 kingdoms .	It was about a power struggle .
0	Then he began sounding out simple , easy words .	First he memorized the alphabet .
1	One day a man came in .	He was very hungry .
0	I ate too much .	When I got some I realized my tongue was hurting .
1	Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking .	She succeeded and now Jen 's not worried about her mom getting cancer .
1	It was a great time .	However , it was freezing cold .
1	A kind cashier took him to the front and paged his mom .	Soon she showed up , and Ted was comforted !
1	He put the batteries in a toy car .	The toy cars raced for a long time .
1	A year to the day later they married again .	Their divorce lawyers were their best man and maid of honor .
1	It took weeks but Frank planned the best party imaginable .	As he sat watching the event unfold he felt a profound sadness .
1	But after years of studying , he had no answers .	Ethan decided crop circles would always be a mystery .
0	He packed his bags , loaded up his truck , and started driving west .	One day , he decided he had had enough .
0	Bob 's car had a clear path to the road .	Bob shoveled his driveway .
0	She was satisfied .	Her bill ended up to be close to $ 50 .
0	When they got there Kelly was relieved .	When they were on the road it took forever .
0	This time , it stopped breaking .	Then , she tried to fix the door .
1	The gator became excited and lunged towards James and the fish .	Frightened , James escaped away from the alligator unharmed .
0	A school zone was looming ahead , but Mary did n't see it .	Mary turned the corner at the new intersection .
1	Rita spend some time reading about the rules of golf .	Rita started playing and became very good at golf .
0	She made him a better tie dye shirt than any in stores !	His mom went to work with rubber bands and dye .
0	You would take them home for a few weeks .	They had baby chicks you could rent .
1	Everything was perfect .	I knew I would go back to them again .
0	John successfully reached the summit .	John got on a plane and flew to Mount Everest .
0	Since it was too complicated , I started to get a headache .	I spent an hour staring at a problem that was confusing .
1	Mike knew nothing about music .	He started reading about it online .
0	Bob researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive .	Bob called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer .
0	They would always invite this girl and Jeremy to parties .	Jeremy 's friends wanted him to meet a certain girl .
0	She did n't think it was very good and almost withdrew .	She entered it and worked hard on a story .
0	In an attempt to impress her , he picked up several weights .	Gary saw his crush at the gym .
0	They ran around all day filming .	He invited all his friends over and gave them parts .
0	She found a disturbing photograph in the house .	Margo began babysitting her mother 's employer 's son .
1	Marsh forgot to take the brownies out of the oven .	There was no dessert for the dinner party .
1	Her mom decided to take her shopping .	She finally found the perfect dress .
0	He cut off the bottoms to make his pants into shorts .	His pants got a tear in them .
0	Ben Sherman back was still turned so he was confused .	Ben 's friends went wild with excitement .
0	Alex was never able to get to the forest .	Hector took a wrong turn .
1	Joe flirted with the 20 year old waitress the whole time .	Mindy excused herself saying she had to use the restroom .
0	Her father looked at it and said it was broken , how could she dry ?	When she turned on the dryer , nothing happened .
0	After 20 minutes Beth 's hair was not blonde , but orange .	Beth mistakenly thought it was 20 minutes .
1	She had to prepare a speech to present in front of class .	She worked on her presentation in PowerPoint .
1	Darla is an accountant .	However , she always wanted to be an author .
1	He sadly opened his first , wiggling gift box .	A puppy popped out and started licking his face !
0	Emma was grounded until her grades improved !	They told Emma her teacher had called and told them everything .
0	He took home the trophy and was crowned the Pie Man of the year .	The newcomer surged forward and ended up eating thirty two pies .
0	At the end of the first week Amy 's whole torso was sore .	She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries .
0	She could n't control his aggressiveness and excessive barking .	Kay was losing patience with her dog 's disobedience .
1	And , the electrical wires began shorting out .	Marcus was upset that he bought this home .
0	On the way to the pet store they saw an injured bird .	Mary and Lou decided to buy a parakeet .
0	I put the doll in baking powder for three days .	The doll smelled heavily of smoke .
1	But she noticed that it tasted odd .	She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date .
0	The car was a beauty , and also drove very well .	His finances were limited , but Curtis took a sports car for a drive .
0	Their water tasted like pickles .	They used pickle jars that they already had to drink .
0	The girls loved the pizza at both parlors .	They tried two of the original New York pizza parlors .
0	Jasmine received a standing ovation for her scene in the play .	When she got on stage , she was no longer nervous .
0	She ended up buying five bags of candy .	Everything looked delicious .
1	His mother told him he was n't real though .	He still did n't believe her .
0	He went upstairs to check it out .	Tom heard a scratching noise coming from the attic .
1	He dug out some dusty cans with expired dates .	Sam put his cans in the food barrel before anyone could check them .
1	She decided to send them to bed early .	Her children hated the new bedtime .
0	Finally one of his friends convinces Horatio to try a gin martini .	While all of his friends drink gin martinis , Horatio preferred vodka .
1	Sue wanted a leopard print bed-in-a-bag , but her mom said no .	She reminded Sue that her grandma had made her a patchwork quilt .
0	Ralph was afraid the doctor would give him a shot .	His mother took him to the doctor .
0	Mike started paying for it on an installment plan .	He did n't make enough money at his job to buy it outright .
1	His mommy took him to the doctor .	Timmy was scared , but he stayed brave .
0	At the doctor , Billy was worried he 'd have to get a shot .	His mother told him that they must go to the doctor .
0	After my wife noted this , the seller posted five clear photos .	Most of them were blurry .
1	The next week the winner is announced .	It was Tim !
0	He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result .	Anthony searched frantically for twenty minutes .
0	He noticed a toy figure on the counter .	Sam walked into the kitchen .
1	After getting in the house she felt bad .	She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids .
1	I wanted something that was portable .	Thankfully I found one that was backlit .
1	When she arrived home later she began to feel sick to her stomach .	She ended up being sick the rest of the day .
0	The manager refused to sell him a gun .	He was obviously senile and confused .
1	Eugena hated doing math in class .	She always copied from her desk partner , Carrie .
0	My dad went out to search the block for Cozy .	I could n't find Cozy and was devastated .
0	After a few hours , Harry received several sunburns .	Everyone was mostly out in the sun playing volleyball .
1	He took it .	Carl paid for gas with it .
0	I took a water sample to my local pool supply store .	I found a swimming pool full of green water this morning .
1	It involved some wiggling of the gear .	Colleen made sure she knew how to do it before leaving .
0	Luckily her dad found it , and Delilah was thrilled to be reunited .	She was heartbroken and very worried .
1	They all had expired meters .	While writing a ticket , one man came out of the building infuriated .
0	This morning though , she realized she had a test .	She had all her friends over .
1	The vending machine was broken .	The local restaurant was too far off .
1	Bogart lived on a farm .	He loved bacon .
0	She had a great day of swimming fun .	Ashley found the closest swimming facility .
0	Then she took a bow and went to her seat .	She acknowledged a few people .
0	His friend bought him a new shooting game on Steam .	Ross was really into adventure games .
1	Then , she voted for her preferred candidate .	She was glad when he won later that evening .
0	The white horse with pink ribbons was beautiful .	She could n't decide which animal she wanted to ride .
1	He said he did n't know how the vase fell and broke .	May did n't believe him but he swore it was n't his fault .
0	He yelped in pain , then left the school and treated his injury .	While leaving the office , William closed his finger between the doors .
0	She saw a booth with a large crowd surrounding it .	Evie was at a fair .
0	When they met up , mandy handed billy the chocolate box .	She put a tarantula in a box of chocolates .
0	She tried on three different shirts .	Janie went to the store to find a new shirt .
0	THEY BOTH SLID INTO THE GUARDRAIL .	SHE SLID ON THE HIGHWAY AND HIT THE CAR NEXT TO HER .
1	After two months of being apart , I sent her a package .	It was a little stuffed hippo with a note attached .
0	One day he could n't find his wallet anywhere .	Mike kept a very messy car .
0	In the championship game Gerald could n't score enough points .	He could score lots of points and pass very well .
1	I vowed to get back at him .	He came up to us to brag about his exploits on the waves .
0	Jan realized the intercom was powered on !	He told Jan a big secret about his hatred of their boss .
1	A month later , she saw flowers blooming .	She picked them up and made a bouquet .
1	She was flattered but felt worried .	She had never gone on a cruise before but did n't like him .
1	But what she thought was a real diamond turned out to be fake .	The jeweler only offered her ten dollars for it .
0	He took out his phone and searched online for a definition .	He excused himself to the bathroom to secretly look it up .
0	The piano in her home stayed with her as she got old .	Anna played songs on the piano they used to play for her .
0	Ida vowed never to forget to brush again !	She hurried to brush her teeth as soon as she arrived home .
1	Four teams play - BU , BC , Northeastern and Harvard .	BC beat Harvard and BU beat NU .
0	Gina was disappointed she had to eat her sandwich without chips .	It turns out her grandma did n't buy snacks .
0	He spits out the first bite , wishing for bacon .	Maurice prepares oatmeal for breakfast .
1	Tim had a fish fry .	He cooked all kinds of fish .
1	She made me a sweater for my birthday .	It was hideously ugly .
0	He is very proud that he has finally opened a coffee shop .	On his first day , Horace has many customers who order coffee .
0	It was rough but he eventually recovered .	Jake was diagnosed with the flu .
0	The nail artist painted them purple .	I needed to get my nails done .
0	She bought the hat to do the joke and went home .	She picked up a silly hat and had an idea for a joke .
1	She is about to pull her hair out !	My Mom and I are laughing at her .
0	John found out about an upcoming field trip .	John was a student at an elementary school .
1	Kim had n't eaten much the day she was going out of town by plane .	On the plane she woke nauseous .
0	However he allowed her to play with the ball as well .	She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her .
0	But who Anthony thought was her brother was really her husband .	Anthony signed up and then determined she was single .
1	She found two dogs she wanted .	Her dad felt bad so got them both .
0	They were best buddies .	Fez followed him around the house and slept with him every night .
0	I immediately picked them up and bought them .	The black ones caught my eye .
1	He needed to use the bathroom .	As he was using it he saw a spider on the wall .
1	I also did sit ups .	After a month I had a huge six pack stomach .
1	After about an hour she looked sad .	When her dad asked why she said because she thought she 'd see bunnies .
0	I had her toy doll in my room .	I used to be her for Halloween .
0	The child kept pushing the tissue away and crying .	Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her .
0	He tried to sleep but could n't .	Stephen had been awake for days .
0	One day when they were fishing carol fell in the lake	carol loved to go fishing with her grandfather
1	They were black with white laces .	He needed a new pair badly .
1	Brent was in love with joanna	Joanna 's family did not like brent but they felt he was not a good man .
0	He yelled at the student to move faster .	Samuel became irritated at his slow pace .
1	He read books on style and formatting .	He found them dry and boring .
0	She went to practices .	Denise tried out to be a pro cheerleader .
1	I needed a shed to contain my yard tools .	I bought supplies and found a guide online .
0	Her dream was to dance internationally .	Olivia was a ballerina .
0	He found some baby birds that fell out of a nest .	He noticed some chirping noises coming from a tree .
1	She went to the piercing parlor with her friend .	Her friend held her hand while they pierced her ears .
0	Carlton applied to his local police force and started training .	Four years later he graduated with his degree .
0	Fred was at the mall looking for his next opportunity .	That 's why it was strange to his friends that Fred would shoplift .
1	Instead he went to the mall to hang out .	Unbeknownst to him his parents were there buying clothes .
1	His daughter fell from his arms .	He worriedly checked on her , and she was okay .
0	Joe still fell asleep everyday .	The teacher tried to make class interesting .
1	Jim tried to brace for disappointment .	But on Christmas morning , he got a tiny white kitten !
1	One day , she needed a shower when no one was there to watch her baby .	She slid the baby carrier into the bathroom .
1	I drove to the grocery store .	I recycled the cans and got money for it .
1	Finally , he found found bitter finger nail polish .	Larry can now enjoy not hearing his mother scolding him .
1	Dan misses his hometown of Denver .	Dan decides that he is going to plan a quick weekend trip .
1	She entered it and worked hard on a story .	She did n't think it was very good and almost withdrew .
1	Joe hid the eggs .	The kids found them and had fun .
0	She had bought the most beautiful dress .	She waited all her life to get married .
1	My daughter bought me a Holga camera for Christmas .	It is a plastic camera that uses 35mm film .
1	She went out one evening in a very short and tight dress .	Someone walked up to her and offered her money .
0	When Sam came home , the kitten was sleeping in a new pet bed .	Sam 's mom found the kitten while he was in school .
0	Beth found her grandmother 's brownie recipe to use for the brownies .	Beth wanted to make some brownies .
0	I researched hobby cooking classes available nearby .	I decided to learn how to cook .
1	He runs into the monkey exhibit when a monkey jumps out .	Sebastian gets scared by the monkey .
1	Yesterday was Mark 's birthday .	It was a Monday , so he had to go to school .
1	I realized what a beautiful place it was .	I decided to retire there .
1	He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money .	I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away .
0	The authorities have refused to help her .	Jane has been looking for her ever since .
0	One day he went out to eat at a restaurant .	Ryan was a generally rude person .
0	He realized he enjoyed more complex music in his adulthood .	He thought deeply about how and why his tastes changed .
1	Suddenly , a waiter appeared and offered a sample of alligator .	Carrie decided to give it a try even though she was grossed out .
0	Jake only stopped when his mom yelled at him .	When he showed his cards , Jake started hitting him with a wooden slat .
1	She did n't need to prove herself at all .	She was a tenured faculty member from the start .
1	He always got them at amusement parks and things like that .	One day he decided to make his own penny .
0	There were several worms inside .	When he got home , he opened the can .
1	After a month , Sara never gained weight and felt less healthy .	Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later .
0	He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground .	He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before
1	One day he decided to learn the guitar .	Now Bernie plays blues songs and wallows in his self-pity daily .
1	She worked abroad for a year .	When she returned back to the US and she got a raise .
0	He came back a new man .	There , his skin got much better .
0	I happily ran down the street for a few minutes .	I walked outside to begin my run .
0	Suddenly she stopped replying to Jay .	Shannon used to be interested in Jay
0	Thankfully someone had turned the wallet into lost and found .	He looked everywhere in the store for it .
1	Amy had heart palpitations after a lot of caffeine .	Her mother suggested she eat and drink lots of water .
0	Sally had just blown a huge bubble .	Sally and Frankie were having a bubble gum blowing contest .
1	Patel whined that she did n't want to marry the man with sores on him .	Her dad ignored her , because it was already arranged .
0	She always felt like the attention was always on them .	Lisa hated having siblings that were twins .
0	They made a warm and cozy fire in the fireplace .	They brought in a few bundles of firewood inside their home .
1	A thick layer of ice always formed .	This year he decided to end that debacle .
1	They were on the road for 10-15 minutes .	In addition , Ben noticed that the driver passed his stop .
1	Marty needed to clean his room .	He put all of his dirty clothes into the clothes hamper .
1	Cheesecake was the fortitude of these conversations .	Each night ended with a slice and a hug .
0	She checked the cut and it was n't very bad .	Luckily her boyfriend helped her calm down .
1	She yelled out for help .	Tori had an allergic reaction and passed out .
0	She realized that she had no idea where the book she wanted was .	Julie looked around her house at the stacks of books .
0	He was very serious and always told the truth .	Abel was a very sweet and quiet boy .
0	She had finally gotten in trouble .	Everyone in Ali 's class was talking about the bully Val .
0	Tim ran towards his 1st period class .	His mom dropped him off .
0	She smiled , because karma finally caught up to him .	One day after work , Lisa noticed a policeman writing him a ticket .
0	Chad and his wife were too busy .	Chad 's kids wanted to go to the zoo .
0	She was surprised at how loud it was !	Finally the first firework exploded into the air .
1	Everyone got together and made smores .	Several crickets came out of the bush .
1	Kevin walked over to the car and recognized the guy behind the wheel .	It was one of his closest friends from high school smoking in his car .
1	Tim and Juan were playing putt putt .	They were at the 17th hole and the score was even .
1	It is even more boring and painful than he had expected !	However , Quentin is happy to be done with taxes for another year .
0	He was so much work .	Her family decided to get a puppy .
1	A couple decided to make their own pottery .	They purchased a potter 's wheel and decided to learn how to use it .
0	He looked around the corner of a tree .	A boy was walking through the woods .
0	Joe has only written 1 page .	It has to be 10 pages long .
0	She thought it was cute , so she decided to pick it up .	One day Megan found a toad hopping around the bushes .
1	He made a sign to let others know that they could have the tires free .	One hour later a man came by and took away all of the free tires .
0	He was pulled over on his way home , for speeding .	Ned left the bar one night , tipsy and tired .
1	Gina 's mother was not happy about bringing her a spare key .	But Gina explained she was n't very far from her home .
0	Her mechanic told her she needed new rear brakes .	She took it into her mechanic .
1	Everyone in Ali 's class was talking about the bully Val .	She had finally gotten in trouble .
0	When her grandmother went home , Miki visited her every day .	Miki visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her .
1	She studied very hard at school .	Finally she graduated .
0	She gathered the materials and she found a tutorial .	She decided to make her own .
0	He was my husband now .	I looked at him as he reached for my hand .
0	I presented it when I cast my ballot on election day .	Shortly after I received my voter registration card .
1	Everything looked delicious .	She ended up buying five bags of candy .
0	In addition , it smacked Henry on the chest .	A large fish suddenly jumped out of the water .
1	She was alone for the majority of the process .	She sat in an office with windows and waited to be called .
1	I reluctantly accepted his invitation .	On the golf range I saw lots of people my age .
0	They squawk about world peace and evolution .	I 've listened to what the birds and squirrels squawk about .
0	He went through the application process .	Justin was qualified to be a prison guard .
0	June felt so much better knowing it was all done !	She folded everything and put it away afterwards .
1	Her mom says no .	On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend .
1	He spent all night working on all of that homework .	He did not sleep that night .
1	He made his costume himself .	He always goes trick or treating .
0	The volunteer promised to try but said it would be difficult .	He asked a volunteer to get the player 's autograph .
0	One hundred diners were visiting the restaurant .	The chef knew tonight would be a busy night .
1	Rob ran for his high school track team .	He was a sprinter with very fast speed .
0	He ran 10 miles everyday .	Bob was training for the marathon .
1	They had bet he could n't win a toy .	Julian was on his second out of three tries and had n't won a toy .
1	Pat started picking up on simple words and phrases .	After a few weeks he became slightly fluent in speaking .
0	They were expecting the baby any day .	Jessie 's sister-in-law was pregnant .
1	Donald got a delicious cake for his birthday .	He had a slice and wanted more .
0	Having seen a lot of sitcoms , she decided to fake being a doctor .	She was ashamed of her relatively un-prestigious job .
1	One evening , at dinner , a client ordered lobster for both of them .	Having never had lobster before , Martin panicked momentarily .
0	They covered the eggs in ketchup to make them red .	They made her breakfast in bed .
0	Beth did n't like lizards and did n't want to open the door .	On her door there was a lizard .
0	The shot clock was running out , but he decided to move slowly .	Tom had possession of the ball .
0	Alas , it broke a window of a house !	I knocked the ball out of the park !
1	Kayla 's car struck a large tree .	Kayla had to call a tow company to remove it !
0	He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy .	When Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned .
0	After the surgery , she awoke feeling apprehensive .	She was scared of the risks , but eventually she decided to do it .
1	One day at the park , a woman showed up with binoculars .	She asked if they could watch birds together and they held hands .
1	She had n't realized how long she had been in there .	She headed up the stairs to her classroom .
0	The person who murdered his friend decided to run away .	There was a shootout a few minutes ago .
0	Her parents beg her to return to school .	She decides to stop going to classes .
0	The bows were so well balanced that all the pro 's wanted one !	He cut down the tree and started crafting bows out of it .
0	He put on his shoes and started walking .	He decided to go to the ice-cream shop .
0	They decided to spend their day watching a movie together .	Trevor and his wife were at home on his day off .
0	Her grandmother tried to engage her in conversation .	Suzie drew scattered lines across the paper , seemingly randomly .
0	The lambs and the piglets were very sweet .	Lizzy was enjoying her trip to the petting zoo .
1	Nancy was driving to her job .	The car maintenance light turned on .
0	She especially loved doing tricks on it .	Jane loved jumping on the trampoline in her backyard .
0	No one at the birthday party thought much of it at all .	The gift was a small brass mouse with a long tail .
1	Yuri shoved his boat from the dock .	He turned the wheel to steer the boat into the bay .
1	Ginny was playing ball in the house .	Her mom had told her not to .
0	He arrived at his business meeting extremely tired .	Bob could not sleep due to hearing police sirens all night .
0	My friend suggested we try mochi for dessert .	I was eating in a Japanese bar .
1	They fought and Derek won .	Dean did not talk to him again .
1	He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band .	A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments .
0	At the grocery store he buys fruit , vegetables , and meat .	He fights Sunday morning traffic to get to the store .
0	After looking through newspapers , I found a job as a dog walker .	I was n't sure how I would pay for it , but I knew I wanted to go .
0	Her mattress was old too and was very uncomfortable to sleep on .	Most of her furniture were hand-me-downs and were old .
0	Then , she peeled them .	She washed them .
0	He told him he would replace it .	He ate it anyway .
0	In fact , Ella lost the game by over a hundred points !	She was doing very poorly !
0	The rainy started to trickle on the windows .	It makes me a bit gloomy and sad .
1	She asked me if I preferred an omelette or a sandwich .	I thought about that for a few moments and decided on a sandwich .
0	Ann now had so many puzzles , she thought she 'd never finish them all .	All of the gifts were puzzles !
1	I agreed to let my pet bunny be in the play .	I assured the lead actor that he was friendly .
0	She had to get her checkup .	Raven went to the doctors
1	Although he is not seeing any results with his body .	He read online that he needs to eat double the calories then he was .
0	Joseph decided to marry her despite the fact he was not the father .	Her boyfriend Joseph was unhappy because he knew the baby was not his .
1	Benisha likes the flute , but hates to practice .	Last week her teacher cancelled lessons forever .
0	She finishes with a lonely sigh , pining for her recently dead mom .	Jesse sings of a place over the rainbow to her empty room .
0	She was very upset and ran to the shore , screaming .	She was having a great time , until something touched her foot .
0	She created an account and got to work .	She had some friends do it before and said it was fun .
0	And he realized how cold the night was .	At night however , his computer was more stable .
0	Karen decided they should cut each other 's hair .	In two weeks they would be flower girls !
1	The next thing I remember was people in a circle looking down at me .	I was spreadeagled on the floor , having fainted .
1	He walked down by the water and built a sand castle .	Another boy suddenly ran by and knocked his castle over .
1	She was finally going to be 18 , officially an adult .	She decided to move out and be on her own .
1	When his unit went on patrol that night , the retching became too much .	Tripping his way through the darkness to vomit , he slid down a slope .
1	His father was walking down the street behind him .	He was calling the boy to come back and fight some more .
1	So Charles stopped talking to Greg .	Greg found Charles that summer and asked why they were n't friends ?
0	Her children cried about having to put their favorite ornaments away .	After Christmas Susan decided to take down the Christmas tree .
0	Alas , the turkey in my fridge became moldy .	I had guests coming to my house for dinner .
0	James was grounded for a week .	He had gotten detention for swearing in class .
0	He tried to run , but was n't fast enough .	Some thugs came running toward Henry .
0	Betty realized a massive pillow fight is a horrible idea .	She was hit repeatedly by some larger men and bruised quite badly .
1	He threw all the bread he had brought .	When he ran out , a goose approached him , honking .
0	One day he went to an aquarium .	He hated their attitude .
0	I drove over to my local Etrade office .	I decided it would be a good idea to start saving .
0	She was shaking as she walked upon the stage .	Tina was nervous for her piano recital .
1	He was n't sure he would get along with all of the girls .	The teacher said it was time to find a partner .
1	Everything started to grow .	One day a deer came along and ate all the plants .
1	Now he feels ready to go .	With his scarf , Lester braves the cold to get coffee .
0	Someone in her class had taken pencils from her .	The teacher was n't in the room .
1	Todd took his dog to the beach .	The dog ran around and smelled everything .
1	Sadly , he asked locals about it .	To his surprise , they laughed !
1	His wife did n't like that idea .	They argued over it for a while .
1	I love eating pasta .	Pasta is my favorite dish .
1	Upon arrival , she was hit with a rather sudden realization .	She owed property taxes , and had to pay up front !
0	Unfortunately , while he rested some ants got into the picnic basket .	At the picnic spot , he decided to rest a bit before eating .
0	She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone .	She was now beautiful and got lots of attention .
1	I fell in love with the Star Wars movies .	I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie .
1	His mom dropped him off .	Tim ran towards his 1st period class .
1	At first Alan was worried about a crowded house .	Alan 's wife suggested that his brother live in the basement .
1	She slithered back out of the fish tank .	Grabbed the sucker and devoured him .
1	The teacher paused for a moment , but he eventually continued .	Diana went to the bathroom to freshen up .
1	Laura was at school one morning .	The previous night , there had been some drama online .
0	I assured the lead actor that he was friendly .	I agreed to let my pet bunny be in the play .
1	She decided to get a part time job .	She was able to pay for the orthodontist over time .
1	He preached about ways to care for other people .	He told everyone that they should help with a food drive after church .
1	He had to wait for help for several hours .	Another driver stopped by his car .
1	My brother went last week.q	He warned me the cemetery had made some roads one way .
1	They needed a way to keep girls out .	They decided to make a password .
0	He also cried while calling my name .	Although the teacher was reaching out to him , he freaked to you .
0	He has been commuting to and from work without any music .	Jason 's headphones have n't worked for many weeks .
0	His wife ordered him to clean the yard .	Now there are a lot of leaves to rake .
1	I kept missing and bending the nail .	After a dozen tries I started to hit the nail straight .
0	The branch worked just as well as a real bat !	Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead .
0	He laughed at a scene in a movie and accidentally spilled pudding .	Jim was watching tv and eating chocolate pudding .
1	Her parents did not own a scale .	Emma struggled to diet even without the scale 's feedback .
1	Mark was with his son at the library .	Suddenly , he noticed a man walking around with a big bag .
0	She used packets of Kool Aid to turn her hair pink .	Then he thought of a great solution .
0	Two days later it suddenly hatched !	She brought it home and kept it in her room on display .
0	Joan finished wrapping and presented the gift .	A packet of gas relief tablets fell out of the purse onto the paper .
0	She was so tired that she began to drift to sleep .	Kelly was riding the bus home from school .
1	He had never played tennis before , but he decided to learn .	The next day he went to the park , and the ladies were there again .
1	I asked the hairdresser to cut my hair any way she liked .	She was wary of my request but she obliged .
1	Stacy decided to try out for the choir in the play .	She sang very well at her audition .
0	I did not want to come to physical therapy , but soon I changed .	In the beginning I thought the therapist was just causing me pain .
0	But Nicole went to the address on the license to return the wallet .	Nichole could really use that money to pay her rent which was late .
1	I began to follow his advice while eating .	I ate healthy foods for months and felt a change .
0	At first she wondered why everyone drank tea all the time .	Ella went to study in England for a semester .
1	That night my grandmother had a heart attack .	This last valentine card still sits in his drawer ten Years later .
1	Tom was considering playing football in high school .	He asked his parents for advice .
0	She decided to write a sequel to the book .	Alana had written a best-selling fantasy novel .
1	Most of her furniture were hand-me-downs and were old .	Her mattress was old too and was very uncomfortable to sleep on .
1	Today she watched a video about cats and could n't stop laughing .	I did n't understand until I watched it too .
0	He did not hear anything as wolves snuck up behind him .	He was seeking deer .
0	He was determined to find a new job .	He got lots of applications from different businesses .
0	The opponent came charging at him .	Chad ran with the basketball .
1	I went to the school and filled out an application .	I got the job !
1	He began to become addicted .	His friends noticed .
0	Unexpectedly , he flew up into the air like a bird .	Shawn went to the top of his barn and took off in the contraption .
1	Bob walked into the ship elevator and heard a voice on the speaker .	He told his wife the voice sounded the same as his audio book .
0	We decided to watch a movie .	Roger and I were bored .
1	He began feeling pain in his wrists .	He went to the doctor .
1	The cookies were great .	The time spent with grandma was better .
1	We did some bench pressing .	i benched 200 pounds of weight .
0	She was very tired and her back was hurting .	I went to see my mother last night .
1	She screamed when she touched the bottom again and found a huge snake .	Lucinda decided to stick to swimming in her pool the rest of the year .
0	He spent over a year in jail for his crime .	Franklin was caught one day and arrested .
0	It turned out to be badly broken .	He was unable to get back up .
0	Carl did not win the race but he was happy to make it to the end .	Even though he started to get tired mid-race he pushed through .
1	Vicki visited a very tall building to study the upper levels .	Vicki designed an exceptionally safe skyscraper .
1	In a tie basketball game , Nate knew he needed to win it .	He dashed up the court , calling for the basketball .
1	This does not make much sense .	Now we own large dogs that are not locked up , instead .
1	He fought for a walk on spot on his team in college .	Eventually , he was starting and picking up first team honors .
0	Glenda even found a fake spider on her keyboard .	As Ernie would sit down , Doug would roll Ernie 's chair back .
0	She went by her mother-in-law 's home and the photos were nude selfies .	Dana said old pictures but she could n't see them .
1	Out of spite , Meg said she caught the lice from a girl she despised .	Meg 's mom called the girl 's mother .
0	Jazz 's parents decided to stop .	There were car parts and random belongings everywhere .
0	Anette put together a playlist of her grandma 's favorite songs .	Her grandmother had passed away the previous week .
0	After the day of hard work , she decided surfing was n't for her .	Every time she tried , she ended up falling off and into the water .
1	They had been my friends for many years .	I am sad to lose them .
0	She always says it is .	She always gets asked if her hair is real .
1	Stassi hated her life in Los Angeles .	She wanted to get away from her old life .
0	Jorge is proud he has finally learned his father 's recipe for beans .	Once he has learned , he practices making beans at his own home .
0	Grace got nervous when Joe still had n't shown after fifteen minutes .	She ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived .
1	She noticed Tim was protective because he was cheating .	Mandy dumped him .
0	They were put into his bag .	He took a few steps forward , and grabbed some moon rocks .
1	Turns out the sister was wearing it .	They got into a big fight and the top got torn in the process .
1	Uma corrected the error before anything was published .	The executives congratulated Uma on her good work .
1	I had been wanting a new laptop for a while .	I finally decided to buy myself one online .
0	She went to the mall and got her ear pierced .	But she gathered her nerves .
0	People were on the edge of their seats .	Until they scored 8 points in 40 seconds .
1	I told him the mean was not appropriate for the data set .	He asked me to explain why it was not appropriate .
0	He used one side and I got the other .	The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake .
0	This summer he was finally tall enough to ride the roller coaster !	Evan , ten and timid , went to the theme park with his family .
1	The kids had to pay for the broken window .	Now the kids do n't play baseball in the street anymore .
0	He was a good man .	There once was a soldier named Colson .
0	He brought one of the lions into the center ring .	The lion trainer opened the lion 's ' cage .
1	The little boy fumbled with the new tool .	After a while , he caught on and cut straight lines .
1	Steven was a dog lover .	He was on his way to his girlfriend 's house one day .
0	To participate in the games , you had to recite a scripture .	They came across a party held by her friend 's church .
1	He thought he was going to die .	His parents helped pull out his tooth .
1	Ed and his friends wanted to make s'mores .	But they did n't have any chocolate .
1	After some time , all six elevators opened and his coworkers came out .	They greeted him with a cake and lunch for his birthday .
0	Kate located an instructor that specializes in kickboxing .	Kate looked through the phone book for a qualified instructor .
0	Joey and Jeff battled it out for the money	100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game
0	Both of the kids were excited , and wanted to feed the little goat .	After walking around for a while , we came upon the petting zoo .
0	He unpacked his puppets from the suitcase .	The puppeteer was hired for the child 's birthday party .
1	He texted his wife telling her that he had to work .	Jerry was barely awake by the time he got home .
0	He started to wear it in Times Square in NYC .	He was able to buy a big bird costume though .
0	His dad was bringing burgers .	Tim was waiting for his dad .
1	Lisa starts writing a weekly column in the newspaper about fashion .	Her parents and teachers are very proud of her .
1	We managed to squeeze in dessert even though we were both full !	Then , we headed home after dinner to relax on the couch .
1	She told him the doctor would be in shortly .	She left the room and closed the door .
1	Sue was baking sugar cookies .	She had a batch in the oven .
0	She ran to his room and threw a blanket over the cage .	She could n't take the annoying noise anymore .
1	It was pelting the metal roof with great force .	She jumped out of bed to look out the window .
0	She missed him too and she wanted him back .	She hesitated to send the email but finally relented .
0	The cork tore in two pieces .	He gave it a strong yank to get the cork out .
1	Beth was 15 years old and pregnant .	The child 's father was not supportive at all .
1	Her coach asked her many questions .	Her most difficult question was if she preferred fame or fortune .
1	Maxine had tried eating tuna before but had never eaten salmon .	Her friends told her that salmon was delicious and she should try it .
1	She could n't figure out who stole them .	Finally her brother gave them back .
0	People often asked how to also become wise .	His wisdom settled disputes and caused peace all around him .
1	He put his resume together and applied for a park ranger position .	Now he can quit his old job and become a better park ranger .
0	He ended up chipping a tooth that day .	One of the wheels hit the pebble and threw Bill into the air .
0	They have bouncy houses and free donuts .	Lin takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt .
0	She lifted weights .	She worked for months on her fitness .
1	She pretended that she had somewhere to go and left .	Since then , she has ignored all of Jim 's text messages .
1	Clara used to be a very active person .	Unfortunately , she developed arthritis as she got older .
1	Clara 's niece was turning 3 on Saturday .	Clara called her mother and asked if there was a party .
0	I was afraid that I would say or do something dumb .	I was really nervous the first night I went out with my girlfriend .
1	Bradley was at a show .	He wanted to meet the band after .
0	She set up up the objects she was photographing carefully .	Claudia was taking a picture .
0	She had no coffee and low blood sugar .	She was running late for work on Monday .
1	Suddenly , when he shot , he struck down at the green tabletop .	The tabletop was torn open and my friend began to apologize .
0	Most of the items were unnecessary clothing .	She bought several items when she was supposed to buy one .
1	Gina went to the stereo and took the tape out .	The tape was wound around the gears of the tape deck .
0	He decided to start a slamball club .	But , it was n't popular where he lived .
1	Bonnie loved everything about the rainy .	She particularly liked the smell and sound of it .
0	We were hysterical and my aunt hoped they could sedate us .	When my father died my mother and I had to go to the hospital .
0	She was extremely nervous the entire car ride there .	Morgan had never been to camp before .
1	Suddenly , her mom came out .	She was so mad at them for opening the game that she took it back .
0	Tim 's car was totaled .	He swerved and hit a tree .
1	James shot the ball thinking he 'd make it .	But John blocked it with malice .
0	It grew darker outside and harder to see .	Slowly the sun set .
0	That night they had a delicious meal they were proud of .	The new spot worked and they brought in half a dozen fish .
0	He told his mom that she needed to change the baby into girl clothes .	His baby sister was wearing a Batman shirt , but Batman was for boys .
1	When I was little , I wanted to be a movie director .	Throughout my teenage years , I was obsessed with movies .
0	As his dad showed how to use it , Steve daydreamed about the trek .	When Steve took up hiking , his dad gave him a compass .
1	Everyone was frustrated and wanted to go home .	So , the carson 's turned the car around and went home .
1	She adapted physically to her new life but socially was n't as easy .	She finally joined a group with similar challenges .
1	It was late , and the hallway was dark .	She stepped on a hard , sharp toy .
1	She began purchasing seeds and prepping her soil .	Nancy was faithful at caring for her garden .
0	They had an assortment of items which were needed .	He located the nearest botanica .
0	She started to walk around the yard .	One day she smelled a horrible odor .
0	He said that was yucky .	She kissed him on the forehead .
1	The teacher made everyone put their drinks away .	Michael failed and learned to never cheat again .
0	I asked my sister how she makes her pancakes .	Everyone would tell me how much they loved my sisters pancakes .
0	Jordan tried to dodge them .	He also started to throw a few punches .
0	Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball .	Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp .
0	The lawn mower turned out to be defective .	Juan 's father could n't fix it .
1	She had to close the shop to await repairs .	The building owner told her it would be over a month for repair .
0	I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her .	She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free .
0	The dog ran into the room	My cat was sleeping in my lap .
1	Today I decided to put new cabinets in my kitchen .	I tore out all of the old cabinets without a problem .
1	Sarah wanted to be more healthy .	She started eating more vegetables and less fast food .
0	But no one told him the party was on a boat .	James heard about a party on the pier .
0	He even worked on an extra scarf at home that night .	But he felt really good about doing something for homeless people .
1	They all noticed a familiar looking man across the room .	Lola was trying to remember who he was .
0	But eventually she enjoys having more water .	At first she finds the habit tedious .
0	Jake was able to continue working after his snack .	He felt immediately better after eating .
0	They all went out to have lunch .	Jen 's in laws frustrated her to no end .
0	And as she searched her purse for her wallet .	They still trembled as she swiped the water bottles .
1	Bill never liked sour cream as a kid .	As he got older he discovered he liked sour cream .
1	Bill 's dog starts barking at the wall and pacing every time it rains .	Bill ca n't figure out why .
0	After eating , he made his way to the stadium .	So he had 3 double cheeseburgers , large fries , and drinks .
0	She ran out of the bathroom and into the light .	She was really afraid of the dark and quickly got out of the tub .
1	It was in an area with tornadoes .	Jake had never experienced them before .
0	Finally , I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog .	I searched high and low , all over the mall .
0	Everything seemed to go well .	When they purchased it they got their stuff and moved in .
0	I thanked her profusely .	She put all of my clothes into the dryers .
1	My cousin decided to pick me up , and take me to an event .	This event was at a swap shop store .
0	Upset and angry , Chanel went into panic mode about her party .	As the day approaches , a hurricane is scheduled to arrive .
1	My friend Jason was taking flying lessons .	One pretty Saturday he invited me to go up with him on a flight .
0	Her husband did n't want to go anymore .	The day came for them to go .
1	I purchased a gym membership .	I bought new workout clothes to look good while exercising .
0	I tried to talk to him .	My friend was mad because his girlfriend broke up with him .
1	Audrey was afraid to try new foods .	Her parents would take her to different restaurants often .
1	Joshua sees his phone number and address in the advertisement .	Barbara tells him she does n't love him anymore .
1	He worked at it until he was a master taffy puller .	He presented his mother with a box of taffy he had made just for her .
0	She was buying a snack .	Madison was at the gas station .
0	Everyone had very healthy food .	She was eating lunch with friends .
0	With the list she got everything she needed and dinner was perfect .	Kay decided that she did need the list so she went back to get it .
0	He had to go to the hospital .	The tree fell on Fred and he broke his arm .
0	I needed to start working out .	I was very out of shape .
1	Kyle thought he was the better player , but Matt managed to beat him .	Matt told Kyle what he could do to improve his game , and Kyle listened
1	It was game day and I had a feeling I was going to score .	The quarterback threw me the ball and I caught it and ran for my life .
0	Tom put on large headphones and was able to relax .	Tom could n't relax .
0	One night his business got a huge client .	In the evening Gio would work on his own business .
1	When it came out weeks later , she was so upset .	Her hair looked horrible in the photo .
1	Johnny was supposed to be going home after vacation .	His flight was delayed due to weather .
1	I spent hours on my computer every day my whole life .	My father always worried about me because he thought I was addicted .
0	It was a great way to feel young again .	He felt like a big kid himself as he sledded with his young sons .
1	The school made the parents work at functions .	In December , I had to sell cookies at the school Christmas Bazaar .
0	He saved up money and asked for the day off .	His favorite is coming to his town to give a speech .
0	The car ran great and Ned was happy .	He had a friend helped him install it .
0	I will never forget that game .	Having a little world full of nice animals and building a home was fun .
0	I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door .	I searched for my keys for the mailbox .
1	They wanted to feed carrots to the giraffe too .	Kylie and Josiah put their change together and bought some carrots .
1	Her internet browser would not close .	It stayed open on one specific screen .
1	He liked murder not talking animals .	So he would watch crime shows all day .
0	Timmy was scared , but he stayed brave .	His mommy took him to the doctor .
0	He decided he would sneak and play Nintendo .	His dad was at work , and his mother was in her garden out front .
1	I did a lot of mTurk work for Corbis .	Corbis showed 40 photos .
0	Thankfully his team felt the same .	He was rather nervous .
1	A week later , the cat gave birth to kittens .	Melissa and her mom were then the owners of 8 cats .
1	There , he admired the architecture .	He also enjoyed the yummy street food .
0	Then , she walked down to the ATM .	She put on shoes and went outside .
1	I learned a lot of new terms .	I did quite a few tasks .
0	She got a second place ribbon for it .	Then , she spent all night putting it together .
1	So she took a break .	Tom said she was just making excuses .
0	Jed and his brothers were about to go deep sea fishing .	The boat was all set and ready to leave the dock .
1	People judge and ridicule Angela .	She gets depressed and sad .
0	He had very low self esteem .	Hershel was a scrawny young man .
0	He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it !	Within a year Tom put the house on the market .
1	Some years ago , there was a shoe factory .	When the building was demolished , the basement was only bricked over .
1	He felt nervous .	He went in and heard so many noises .
1	Tom needed to get a bank account .	He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose .
0	It motivated him to work out .	Carl was told he was fat last summer .
1	They were predicting over two feet of snow !	Jeff threw open his window curtains .
1	He wanted to do something nice for her .	Lou had no money to buy a nice gift .
1	The Smith family loved to go on day trips on their boat in the summer .	One day , they decided it would be fun to take the kids to a new place .
0	He took a vitamin supplement .	Todd stayed in bed all day .
1	Mary notices someone following her home .	She immediately goes of course .
1	The adviser put Steve on a strict budget and organized his payments .	Before long Steve was paying all his bills on time and was debt free .
0	I looked at everyone of them and they seem average .	There was a sale going on at Best buy for computers .
0	Jerome enjoyed watching his favorite movies on his new television .	The television he wanted was on sale for half the price !
0	He stopped on the street when he saw a turtle in road .	He went fast around the corners .
0	During lunch he had a hard time eating his food .	Eric sat at his desk and feel sleepy .
1	Sometimes though , the cashier would give me two .	I think this is because they knew Americans liked ketchup .
1	Mitt was going bungee jumping .	At first he was very nervous .
0	She was very sick .	She had surgery and chemotherapy .
0	Jane sent in her application to nursing school .	She took her entrance exam .
0	Finally she tied some dental floss around it .	She tried to pull it out but it was too slippery .
1	Several friends came over and they lit some candles .	They held hands and tried to summon some spirits .
1	She decided to explore other religions .	She was n't sure if she agreed with her own .
0	She has all these plans to have kids with her husband .	She is so happy because she never thought she 's find love .
0	He would play a tune for the people who walked passed him .	Bongo Joe grabbed his Bongos and walked down the street .
1	He reached into his pocket and his had became covered in ink .	His pen had broken .
0	Despite her efforts , she never did find out who sent the candy .	She had no idea who could have sent it .
0	Together they prayed that she would get better .	They all came to her room and surrounded her .
0	There 'd be one ready to be picked the next day .	Jill 's tomatoes kept disappearing off the plant on her deck .
0	He noticed that the assignment in his textbook was missing .	Sam was doing his physic homework .
0	Instead , she decided to keep it for herself .	She found an ID and figured that she could turn it into the owner .
0	She was clearly winded as she slid down the wall .	She stumbled on a brick and hit the wall hard .
1	One day my cousin and I bought takeout for our families .	We drove in our car .
0	He decided to make himself a snack .	He was very hungry because he did not eat lunch that day .
0	He asked me if I could snuggle with him until he fell asleep .	Last night , my son interrupted me while telling him his bedtime story .
1	Wanda was so upset that she looked for another church .	Finally , she found one that she wanted to visit .
0	He went with his mom and bought a gift .	Justin 's classmate was having a birthday .
1	He decided to bake Christmas cookies .	George spent all Sunday baking them .
1	She searched everywhere for her , but could n't find her .	She was about to give up .
1	The boy she liked liked another girl .	May offered to take the girl to get ice cream .
1	Hari decided to buy headphones .	He went to the store and got the best headphones available .
0	She looked out the window .	One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room .
1	She had to get back to work as quickly as possible .	There as a project that had to be completed .
0	He smelled jog but continued for another half hour .	He jogged on the sidewalk , along a busy street .
0	The next day , she had a bad stomachache .	She tried to eat them slowly , but they were so tasty she ate them all .
0	Shelly 's mom got her a cd case .	There were cd 's everywhere in Shelly 's room .
1	My husband and I went to a park by Puget Sound yesterday .	A bald eagle flew over the top of us while we were there .
1	When he opened the refrigerator he saw his sandwich was gone .	He started looking for the sandwich thief .
1	Today his guitar string broke .	Mark decided to replace all of his strings .
0	He did well during his training and was sure to get the job .	John always wanted to be a cop .
0	She patched the wall up .	Dani went to the store and bought drywall .
0	He knew instantly when someone was lying .	Zachary knew that he had a special ability .
1	The school closed early because there was too much snow .	Ryan took the bus back home .
1	My friend recommended that I mix the lentils with rice .	I decided to give her recommendation a try .
1	Evie was at a fair .	She saw a booth with a large crowd surrounding it .
1	He never knew why she liked him .	He was glad she was his wife , though .
0	She asked her mom to give her a huge piece of cardboard .	She visualized the beautiful butterfly she was to draw .
0	The child 's father was not supportive at all .	Beth was 15 years old and pregnant .
1	But his mom nagged him , saying video games would n't pay the bills .	Art decided he could prove her wrong .
1	She sprayed her monitor until it was very wet .	Bev vigorously scrubbed her screen until it was clean .
0	I carefully approached the goat as my Aunt snapped pictures .	I saw a friendly-looking goat , and wanted my picture taken with it .
0	He replaces the bulb in his room .	Miles decides to get a replacement light bulb from the local store .
0	Amanda decided not to buy so much fabric in the future .	She did n't have any room to make her project .
0	He tried to buy tickets but they were all sold out .	Tim wanted to go to the concert more than anything .
1	Paloma is at her wits end .	She eventually seeks long term help for him .
0	Every morning , she trudged to the gym and exercised .	Ariel was trying to lose weight .
1	With Seamus ' help , the politician won the election .	The politician did not keep his promises , discouraging Seamus .
1	Tim lost every game .	He felt like crying .
0	The chimney sweep had a hangover and was not thinking clearly .	He hired a chimney sweep .
1	One day she ran against a boy to get a ball	She got the ball and took out the boy .
0	He became cold and wet as it was raining .	He decided to walk home after waiting for an hour .
0	He scored a touchdown .	My teammate , who was open , caught the ball and ran .
0	Lis was worried they would n't accept her .	She wanted to play on her school 's team .
1	I used to be her for Halloween .	I had her toy doll in my room .
0	She wondered what was wrong with that horse .	Suddenly , she spotted a very strange looking animal .
0	Maurice is proud that he hosted Thanksgiving Dinner .	On Thanksgiving day , his friends and family are impressed .
1	Then Ky decided she could volunteer her time .	She joined a relief organization and helped rebuild homes .
1	Joey could have said no , but he decided it was his duty to show up .	He told his boss he 'd be there in fifteen minutes .
1	They had a beautiful crop .	It was very fruitful .
0	Vlad did n't like it very much .	People then decided to start making fun of Vlad .
0	It was really difficult .	He bought language books and started reading .
0	He watched various instructional videos on YouTube .	Joe wanted to learn how to breakdance .
0	He was glad she was his wife , though .	He never knew why she liked him .
1	A girl walked past and shouted something rude .	When Nina confronted her , she became even meaner .
0	Kelly was happy to get it .	Finally when she bought it they were on sale .
0	They all told her that he was a sexist jerk .	She was talking to her friends about it and they knew of him .
0	Shelly went to the store and bought all the needed ingredients .	She found a cooking tutorial online .
0	Within hours Bob started feeling better .	Lucy gave Bob some medicine that she use to take .
0	One night , I dreamt that he wanted to take me with him .	He would travel through all space and time .
1	He had to settle for a few cold Pop-Tarts that morning .	Ted vowed never to sleep through his alarm again !
1	He decided to light his house on fire .	He took a match and lit the living room on fire .
1	Her mom assured her she would come back .	A few hours later she reappeared with something in her mouth .
0	To his friends surprise , he already remarried .	Zach and his wife recently got divorced .
1	One quick peek confirmed that a skunk was trying to get our food .	I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk .
0	They spent all day hiking in the woods .	This was going to be the toughest trail they had done .
1	I have so much fun now playing it but I 'm still rusty on the rules .	If I would have played in school I would have learned everything .
1	He felt much more confident with his new clothes and supplies .	When the first day of school arrived , Mike was no longer afraid .
0	I was really embarrassed and ashamed .	One time she caught me peeking .
0	He wanted to get on the roller coaster .	My brother ate a lot of fried bread .
1	One day she wore sandals to class and Mark gave her a compliment .	She wore sandals again and heard her feet looked like boat oars .
0	Then it turned serious , and a real boxing match broke out .	Mike hit Jerry to hard one time , and made Jerry mad .
0	Finally , she drew a mouth .	Next she did a nose .
1	She asked the coach for help .	The coach gave her drills to do .
1	Then in the spring , an amazing thing happened .	The tree in Theo 's yard produced hundreds of cherries !
0	She started seeing a life coach .	She decided to make some life changes .
0	The sound of other people smacking and talking made him angry .	He could n't stand when his feet would stick to the floor .
1	Chris put the nest into the tree quickly and walked away .	He saw the mother sitting in the nest a few minutes later .
1	Unfortunately the waitstaff was terrible .	The staff were not friendly .
0	Grandma does n't know what to do , she hates messy hair .	The other beauty store does not know what she is talking about .
1	Tia tried to remain calm .	SHe stayed put and waited for her family to find her .
0	She finally found a pair of red high heels .	She went to the store and looked around .
0	I 'll go back tomorrow and get some cash for my old car .	My friend said the dealership will buy my old car from me .
0	He did his best to teach others .	He wrote books and published articles online .
1	He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters .	Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors .
1	Her mother suggested she eat a snack .	She declined , she did n't want a snack to ruin her appetite .
1	Hallie was in Hawaii .	Her parents took her to the beach .
1	Many years later his mother passed away and left him $ 30,000 .	He was finally able to relocate to Washington .
0	I have to decided to only eat candy in small amounts from now on .	My stomach started to hurt .
0	He diligently clips each toenail until they are neat and trim .	He decides that he needs to clip his toenails .
1	Tim is the star quarterback at Notre Dame .	But he is failing in school .
0	He would be bored at the end of his shift .	His phone would always run out of battery before his shift ended .
1	Jack wanted to drive his father 's car .	Jack 's father would not let him drive his car .
0	The caller was even more irate than before .	Amy informed the caller there was no supervisor .
1	Jill lies to her new date and tells him that she is a great cook .	It turns out that he is a chef .
1	Stephen had been awake for days .	He tried to sleep but could n't .
1	They made it an event .	Randy ended up winning
0	His friend Ben was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey .	Josh loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis .
0	I decided to call my wife .	I felt sad about how much time had passed .
1	She and my Dad are both sick in bed .	I did n't get the shot and I feel fine .
0	We started playing online chess after years of not playing .	My friend Sam is very competitive .
0	If it were not checked it would consume the entire castle .	A fire was quickly born that consumed the tiny building .
1	He had to fight in court to get his dog back .	Fortunately they were reunited after he won the case .
0	They were n't familiar with them .	They were in a new area that was prone to tornadoes .
0	She was upset to find there were none there either .	At the library she searched for the books she needed .
1	She put up advertisements online .	She found another girl of similar age interested .
0	For a minute , they stopped working and she thought they were done for .	She noticed that her headphones were starting to cut out .
0	I was on my way to get to a large canyon .	I was hiking through the desert .
0	They waited and waited while the baby grew in Jenna 's belly .	One day the doctor called and said they were finally having a baby !
0	Wags was happy to be back in his bed that night beside Fred .	Fred and his sister met up with the man and got Wags back .
1	I went out one night while staying at a hostel in Miami .	A girl asked me to join her in a cab .
0	The tub now drains just fine .	When she did she found clumps of her hair .
0	They all cried when he told them .	He decided to break up with all but one of them .
0	Kerry rush to the dentist .	As she bit , part of her tooth broke .
1	He was really hoping his dad would like it .	He scrutinized his dad 's face as his dad opened the gift .
1	Barney went on his first hunting trip .	His friends helped him find a good spot to hunt .
0	She was surprised to find he was already 6 feet tall .	On his 16th birthday Jane convinced him to allow her to measure him
0	Grace then realized that the book may have been owned by the author .	Grace learned the photo was of the author .
0	His car got stuck half way .	One day he had to get out of a steep driveway .
1	The media reported Mad Cow Disease was going around .	Charles began researching the incident .
0	During class , he frequently got up to blow his nose .	But his parents forced him to go to school .
0	She gave it to her dad for his birthday and he was happy .	After it was restored she put it in a box and wrapped it .
1	Frank did n't want to hire Charles as a telemarketer .	The reason is Charles did n't list his previous phone job experience .
0	Steve was nervous at first , but soon became more confident .	His dad took him out to practice in parking lots and side roads .
1	She was really hoping they would win this year .	When they lost the World Series , she was pretty upset .
0	Soon , Aileen ran out of library books to read .	Aileen found she could read a book in an hour .
0	She laid down to get a tan .	Nina went to the beach .
0	I decided to open a lemonade stand .	Alas , I was too young to get a job .
0	A man jumped at the doorway but missed .	He slowed down just enough for people to hop on the bus .
1	Mary tripped over a bump on the ground while she was running .	She landed on her knee which immediately started bleeding .
0	At the altar , I leaned in to kiss my bride !	I decided to eat two loaves before my wedding .
0	After getting over it , I was able to enjoy Christmas again !	Eventually , I understood that it was not plausible that Santa existed .
1	At her appointment , the doctor confirmed the good news .	Sara was going to be a mom !
0	Ron walked for an hour every day .	But he wanted to become healthier .
0	She was too scared to try flipping it again .	And it landed on the side that was already cooked .
1	He was rather nervous .	Thankfully his team felt the same .
0	The night of the reunion , she saw many people she used to know .	She reluctantly decided that she would attend it .
0	As a result , he got arrested .	He called the cops on him .
1	Jim said that he could fit a box of cookies in his mouth at a party .	The people at the party did not believe him .
1	Her friend was surprised and elated .	They both had a great time on the trip .
0	Finally one Sunday morning she awoke to a snowy day .	She hoped it would hurry up and snow !
0	Bob cashed in his ticket at the gas station .	He had won $ 100 !
0	Eventually , the guy went and sat with them and they all ate together .	Janice said hi to him and they started talking .
1	He bounced and bounced and bounced .	Dan only stopped when they called the cops and made him leave .
1	Jason wanted to invest in silver .	He bought a bunch of silver dollars at the current price .
1	It did not arrive that day .	I contacted Amazon and accepted a $ 5 credit .
0	Marcy saw the snow was finally melting .	It had snowed so heavily that winter .
0	They looked terrible but he pretended to like them .	They were from his grandmother .
0	She swam from one end of the pool to another over and over .	It only motivated her to practice swimming harder .
0	She locksmith charged her $ 100 to get into her car .	She called a locksmith .
1	On the trail in front of them was a huge brown bear .	It had noticed them at the same time they had noticed it .
1	Betty needed to make her weekly shopping list .	She got her paper and pen ready and sat at the kitchen table .
1	I have to have surgery on Monday , which is five days away .	As each day goes by I get more and more nervous .
0	When she got to the room she took the test .	She wanted to make sure she would get a great grade on it .
1	She had seen a movie and was now at dinner	She had a nice meal with her friends
0	At the gym , at work , driving , or cleaning at home I 'm going listening .	I downloaded the app and now I listen to books non stop .
0	After twelve days of searching Carl was unable to find any food .	He searched for something that he could eat .
1	Ben let her into bed with him to sleep safely .	Elsa felt better and was able to sleep soundly .
1	Their mom is really upset with all the fighting .	She took away all their video games .
1	Ida approached him and comforted him .	Then she led him to the front of the store .
0	She put it in the oven when she got home .	Martha picked up a pizza at the store .
0	He woke up in the hospital .	James passed out as his car spun around .
1	But she noticed something strange .	Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes !
0	It stayed open on one specific screen .	Her internet browser would not close .
0	Ethan decided crop circles would always be a mystery .	But after years of studying , he had no answers .
1	Iris was carrying plates to the cupboard .	While she was holding one , she dropped it .
0	She consulted the map to find her class .	She walked into the school and stared at her schedule .
1	While we were near the top , my father grabbed his chest in pain .	He was taken to the hospital by helicopter ambulance .
1	Ashley found the closest swimming facility .	She had a great day of swimming fun .
1	Finally she tried to inspect the source of the pain .	She realized a mattress spring was sticking out .
1	The next morning , David could not open his car door .	Instead , the door handle broke right off .
0	Ed 's father pushed the power button , and the laptop started working .	Ed asked his father if he had tried pushing the power button .
0	They sent someone by to tune the piano .	When he found it , he gave them a call .
0	After a few weeks he became slightly fluent in speaking .	Pat started picking up on simple words and phrases .
1	In his years fighting he became a man .	When he finally left the military he was n't the same .
1	Lisa was excited that she had a brand new box of crayons .	Crayons were best when they were new with pointy edges .
1	Too shy to ask her out , he sought out alternative means .	He purchased a love potion from an online vendor .
1	She painstakingly wrote a letter in Spanish to her new pal Juan .	Amy waited anxiously every day for a reply .
1	Sam paid to have a pool built at home .	He figured he made good money and his family would like it .
1	During class , I saw a beautiful girl drop her pen .	I reached down to pick it up for her .
1	The men fortified the doors and windows against the onslaught .	The liberals were coming for their chainsaws .
0	He kept asking what these black things were all over her .	We drove 80 miles to get her , my husband held her on the drive back .
1	Tom loved music .	He would always listen to music .
0	He hated eating yesterday 's dinner .	Jim was eating leftovers .
0	Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch .	The books had crushed all of Ed 's chips .
0	It turned out he left an old TV on a dead channel downstairs .	He decided it was too consistent to be a bug .
1	The seller never replied , so Eren contacted customer support .	Erin eventually got his money back .
1	John felt a way he had never felt before during that talk .	He felt inspired and moved .
1	During the next day , it was n't working .	I had to send it back for a replacement .
1	She just retired this past month .	Susan decided to sell her house .
1	He had to take her to the vet to have them removed .	She never got near another porcupine again .
1	I paid five dollars for a block in a Super Bowl pool .	I got the numbers 4 for Panthers , and 9 for Broncos .
1	In the desert of New Mexico there are lots of nasty critters .	I was taught to be careful of rattlesnakes and scorpions .
0	The toy brought back a lot of memories and emotion .	There , he found an old toy he had n't seen in years .
1	Brian gave his axe to Sam .	Sam swung at a small tree and chopped it down .
0	This was a week before he announced he had ALS .	She saw Lou Gehrig and he looked so frail .
1	Not sure if she should clean it or they should she left it alone .	She got an angry call later wondering why she was neglecting it .
0	Gina held the remote so they could n't change the TV .	Her siblings wanted to watch something else .
0	Dylan landed a job at her favorite news station .	After graduating , she put in many applications .
0	When brad came home from work he screamed when he walked in his house .	His cat was just beginning to develop into an adult .
0	After cleaning the mess , Ted walked back inside feeling good .	Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess .
0	He researched different gyms in his hometown .	Tom decided to start working out this year .
1	When Bob decided that he was done , he checked out and headed home .	When Bob got home , he realized that he forgot to buy milk .
1	He started to watch the television .	The dog show came on the television .
1	The Captain was on a tight schedule .	I found it rather boring .
1	She said that for every block I did she 'd pay me half her rate .	I did so well that I was able to pay for a car and start a real route .
1	The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie .	Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally 's face .
0	The food was a hit and her parties livened up her schedule .	She put her newfound cooking knowledge to work for the parties .
1	There was a little girl who had become lost from her family .	Alice helped her find them and the family was very grateful .
1	We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it .	We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards .
0	She tripped and twisted her ankle .	She was running down the court with the ball .
0	She decided to go with an expensive cut .	She went to the salon to get her hair cut .
1	Her child came inside very excited .	Her child wanted her to come outside and look at a kitten .
1	Just then the door swung open .	A man with a sinister grin greeted her .
0	They both searched online and found a couch from IKEA that they liked .	They needed furniture for their new home .
1	Kya stole a wallet from a girl in her class .	At first she was proud of her acquisition .
1	The teacher gave us an assignment .	Everyone finished the assignments , 20 minutes before the bell rung .
1	Flo waited intently for her broker to call her .	Flo eventually learned that she lost her investment due to bad advice .
0	She wrote letters to the city counsel about how it was unfair .	Her parents said yes , but the baseball team was for boys only .
1	It 's a guy named Dr Pimple Popper and it is exactly as it sounds .	I learned two things , she is twisted and I ca n't eat alfredo anymore .
1	When they were on the road it took forever .	When they got there Kelly was relieved .
0	Grabbed the sucker and devoured him .	She slithered back out of the fish tank .
1	Jack was a rookie on his baseball team .	He had little experience but was eager .
0	Now the kids do n't play baseball in the street anymore .	The kids had to pay for the broken window .
1	As she began , she had a lot of trouble .	Macy wrote a letter to a talented musician for help .
0	When they tired of playing , the girls left their snow fort .	The snow fort muted all noise , and the girls lost track of time .
0	They were both searching for something to purchase in the mall .	Sarah was walking along with her friend Brittany .
0	I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice .	She simply tells me it 's for my own good and she 's making me stronger .
0	Wendy answered , apologizing to the grumpy old man .	When the discovery was made , Clark banged on her door .
1	His friends asked if he could play .	They made up a new game called street ball .
0	However , one year his mother becomes ill .	Although he grew up in New York , he lives in Los Angeles now .
0	One day he met a girl named Marisela who spoke Spanish .	After graduation , he started to lose proficiency .
0	I begged for a guitar , but Dad would n't let me play with his .	As I grew older , I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar .
1	He made reservations at a nice restaurant .	On the day of the date , he picked her up at 7:00 PM .
1	Cara was making rolls for dinner .	She left the dough to sit on the counter and rise .
1	They talked their mom into buying clothes of different styles .	Connie bought outfits that were pink and frilly .
1	He added all the ingredients , measured carefully .	Then after enough time , he sampled his homemade brew .
1	Bill 's wife begged him to stop playing the video games .	Bill reluctantly stopped playing the games .
1	I found a swimming pool full of green water this morning .	I took a water sample to my local pool supply store .
0	On the first cold day , she proudly wrapped the scarf around her neck .	Penny could n't wait to wear the new scarf her mom knitted .
0	At that point she was so sick she had to be hospitalized for a week .	After three long weeks of barely getting by she finally saw a doctor .
0	The young ones of Pompeii played the Floor Is Lava game .	She told her class children of the past were very similar to them .
0	Tim kept trying for five weeks .	The dog would not fetch .
0	Thankfully , the bear had wandered away .	After a few hours , she tentatively emerged and looked around .
0	I looked him in the eyes .	Across the grass field I saw a bull .
1	A girl asked him to dance and he had to say yes .	He was glad his mom made him go so he could dance with this girl .
0	Each roommate is only allowed to bring a date home on certain nights .	So they set up a schedule .
0	All the pandas were sleeping .	She made her way down to the panda enclosure .
1	For a while they were worried that she was in labor early .	Luckily , things died down and she was okay .
1	The entire office heard several bickering noises .	The boss approached the girls .
1	She went to every shopping mall she could think of .	The stores were so crowded it was hard to find good gifts .
0	After a few minutes she was finally able to fall asleep .	But this time she needed the comfort of her mother laying next to her .
1	Jeremy 's mom needed him to pull some weeds .	She promised that if he did , he could get a new toy .
0	Jon went to prison for three years .	The police promptly found Jon and arrested him .
0	Beaux does not like to take baths .	Rachael has a dog named Beau .
1	When he got out of school , he rushed home .	He had not expected the pet he saw in his kitchen .
1	He had to write a report on one .	He chose to write about beavers .
1	Arnold was scared of mice .	He thought they were disgusting .
0	George drew up his dream home plans and set out for the land .	George did own a couple of acres of wooded land .
0	He started talking to a man , and the man responded with a voice box .	He was walking in a nearby park , smoking away one day .
0	Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad	Lily 's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement .
1	Unfortunately , the doll her daughter wanted was discontinued .	Cindy was disheartened that she would n't be able to get her the toy .
1	Joe ordered a dining room set off of the internet for his wife .	It was to be a big anniversary surprise .
1	Laura 's old cat had died when she was little .	Laura 's mom missed having a cat , and it was her mom 's birthday .
0	It made her happy to create these friendships .	Once they were well enough , she 'd find them a new home .
0	Best case scenario begging will get him something .	He knows that worst case he gets told to lay down .
1	They never really hurt much .	But they hurt terribly today .
0	The saleslady told Jane that it was all a matter of preference .	She had a few pair in her hands and asked the salesperson for advice .
1	The kids swam in the water for hours as the parents watched .	When it was time to go home , they called the kids to come to shore .
1	She got out her vacuum .	Next she sucked up that ladybug .
0	Her parents gave her everything she ever wanted .	Jessica spent too much of her childhood in church .
1	The teacher warned the class that they have three minutes left .	Henry was figuring out several questions that he left blank .
0	She also signed up for a class to learn Russian .	She checked out all the books on Russia that the library had .
1	Conrad spent the entire day writing fantastic tales .	At the end of the day , Conrad was paid for his stories .
1	His friend Bill also loved the show .	He called Bill but Bill did n't have it on DVD either .
0	Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field .	He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client .
0	Antonela found Loki 's Teddy bear and gave it back to him .	One day , Loki lost his favorite Teddy bear .
0	Nick told the judge he was being framed .	A shot rang out and when the smoke cleared , someone was dead .
0	He now has a new stove that he loves .	He bought it and brought it home .
1	I emptied all of the clothes .	There was a half eaten piece of cheese at the bottom of the pile .
1	She buys a treadmill for her home .	Amber uses the treadmill every day for 4 weeks .
1	She and her friend hurriedly began digging for treasure .	To their dismay , though , they found none .
0	A bird must have made a hole there while she was sleeping .	She realized that there was a hole in her tent .
0	Matt went to his local government assistance office .	He was struggling to pay his rent on time .
0	The yeoman returned his hail , and asked after the health of the Czar .	He came upon a farmstead , and hailed a yeoman toiling in the fields .
0	At first she was doing well .	Kelly decided to run a race with her friends .
0	She was feeling very hot walking under the sun .	Jill was walking down the beach .
1	June decided on a Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee .	While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow .
0	David thought that it was worth it .	He eventually ended up getting a ticket .
1	He was screaming .	He wanted more french fries .
1	She researched different ways to make money online .	Eventually she decided she wanted to start her own business .
0	When he got there , the sub was six feet long !	He ordered a giant sub from the store .
0	His mother found the toy in the car but did not return it .	The boy held the toy while his mom payed for clothes at the register .
1	I went to taste it .	When I tasted it it tasted bad .
1	When he got to the party , he was warmly greeted .	Hank met a new friend , named Jon , at the party .
0	He was finally able to relocate to Washington .	Many years later his mother passed away and left him $ 30,000 .
1	He decides to call the seller up .	He buys the car
1	Just as he reached for it , his coworker grabbed it .	His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away .
0	Her legs were sticking to the material .	Gina sat in the plastic chair .
1	Anita 's son loved helicopters .	She promised herself one day she would get him on a helicopter .
1	She was yelling at kids as they walked by .	Her mother came out and stood on the sidewalk looking up at her .
1	When he got there and it was unlocked .	He walked away , frightened of what might be in there .
1	However , she was still nervous about playing in front of an audience .	When it was her turn to get on stage she took a deep breath .
1	All the students in my class were talking .	There was no point in getting them to stop , so I just shook my head .
1	The lady showed up to pick up the pie but noticed something strange .	There was a rat in the pie and screamed out the door .
1	A new housing development is going up near him .	Paul has been working long days for months now .
0	Tuesday when Michelle returned to work she ran into her boss Sheila .	Michelle was an excellent computer programmer at her job .
0	I painted a mural and bricks on the wall .	I went to the store and bought several gallons of paint .
0	When he was away , they snuck into his house with a Barbie doll .	His married friends joked that the only thing missing was a wife .
0	They were closer than ever before .	She was so grateful she forgot all about the pearls .
1	The girls were on the plane for fifteen hours .	They could n't wait to land .
1	His poodle got loose from her leash .	Todd chased his poodle across the park .
0	Jess walked out of the store with one of each flavor of candy .	Next , she tried the spearmint candy .
0	She chose to become a teacher at the height of her fame .	Sirene had been a famous silver screen actress .
0	The next morning , she felt much better .	Wendy made herself chicken soup and a healthy fruit smoothie .
1	She wanted to sell them but nobody wanted plain vegetables .	She decided to try and sell coleslaw to her neighbors .
1	Stella loved to cook , but was not always attentive .	This caused her problems .
0	The vet confirmed the dog was sick .	Ramona decided to take him to the vet .
1	An error was made and I was born on December 3 .	Before my Fifth birthday , she changed the day on my birth certificate .
1	If they did succeed , it was his intervention .	Timothy 's become very rich from putting his brand into the world .
1	Gina had been sharing a room with 2 other girls her whole life .	Getting her own room was a dream come true .
0	He helped her get rid of the virus .	He quickly diagnosed the problem : she had a virus !
1	We ate as much as we could but there was still leftovers .	We decided to donate the extras to a homeless shelter .
1	They were for the high school she wanted to attend .	Tami made up her mind to try out for the JV Volleyball team .
1	A friend of mine lived in an old rented house .	While making breakfast for her son , she heard banging at her door .
0	Nothing would break their friendship they thought .	Jill and Lisa had been best friends for years .
1	I had to spend six months in a rehabilitative facility .	I realized that weightlifting was not the sport for me .
1	We put treats in each stocking .	The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down .
1	One day , they got in a fight .	Molly threw a toy .
1	The bank found no evidence to prove it , and let the matter drop .	Harry retired soon after to a private island .
0	We go to the ball game once a month now .	Everyone had a great time especially dad .
0	He bought 3 ipods .	He figured everyone likes technology .
1	He opened up a stall out in front of his house with the jars .	However , nobody seemed to want to buy his onions .
0	He got ships from the Spanish rulers .	He felt sure he could sail west and arrive there .
1	Smokey took the car , packed her apartment , loaded it up and left .	No one has heard from her since .
1	Justin has been in a relationship with selena for a while .	Suddenly things changed .
0	Ava was thrilled with her forest acquisition .	Arriving home , she placed them in a large vase .
1	Emma needed a haircut .	She went to a salon .
1	I decided that I should make a cake .	I did n't have flour for the cake !
0	Then he noticed something strange .	He hung the frame in his house .
1	Ed asked his father if he had tried pushing the power button .	Ed 's father pushed the power button , and the laptop started working .
0	After 6 months , Samantha forgot to pay her credit card debt .	She had 6 months free financing on her credit card .
1	Suzie drew scattered lines across the paper , seemingly randomly .	Her grandmother tried to engage her in conversation .
1	I did n't realize just how cold it would be .	When I arrived , I realized I did n't pack the correct clothing .
0	I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise .	I read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention .
0	He told us to come by his home , because he had two left .	We called a gentleman who was selling Scottish Terriers .
0	It was night and her siblings were asleep .	Gina was in the backseat of the car on a road trip .
1	She wanted to surprise him .	She planned a great trip .
0	He applied to various jobs everywhere .	Joe had recently graduated from college .
1	Amy called her friend Beth .	She wanted to talk about anything But Ray .
1	Simon went shopping for the freshest ingredients he could find .	After selecting them , he put them into a large pot .
0	He had to wait hours until a passing boater saw his distress .	Brad was stranded on his boat in the middle of the lake .
0	He reached down to pick it up .	He dropped his phone .
0	When the judges came to judge they chose Ronnie .	He made sure his last dish was his greatest .
1	They were always dressed in black and had piercings .	After high school , I got to know some of them .
1	Once there , they met with a family who was having trouble with a pest .	The two women set up their gear to capture the unwanted animal .
0	Dad brought a picnic and we ate sandwiches on the beach .	We built sand castles .
1	We adopted a beautiful lab .	We named her Ella .
1	He was hoping it would help lose weight .	It did n't fill him up .
0	But Ted managed to make it a whole day without eating .	He started out strong , but his resolve wavered as the day wore on .
1	I got fashion show tickets in the mail .	The show was to Balmain .
0	It was full of cash !	Ike found a wallet on the street .
1	I 've listened to what the birds and squirrels squawk about .	They squawk about world peace and evolution .
0	She regretted moving out of her mom 's house at such a young age .	She had to pay for tv , the internet , and her phone .
0	He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family .	Before having dinner , Jeff worked on putting up the lights .
1	So they bought a new home elsewhere .	Now they feel more safe and secure .
1	I received one bid .	With shipping I made $ 2 and eighty five cents for my sister in law .
0	They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her .	She calls to reschedule the interview .
1	Julie decided to go out for a walk .	While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles .
0	I also began working out .	I began watching my macronutrients and intake .
1	The compost decomposed and nourished the plants in Roan 's garden .	Roan was glad he had come up with such a 'green ' idea !
0	His friends noticed .	He began to become addicted .
0	After two months , Liam had enough money to buy the game .	But he resolved to save every penny of it !
0	Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained .	Steve began visiting the gym every day .
1	She was trying to cook but some smell was disgusting .	She searched everywhere for the source .
0	He feared something was wrong !	His wife had told him she had important news .
0	Instead of buying new pants , Marco buys a belt so his pants fit .	His pants no longer fit him very well .
0	He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood .	I was talking to my neighbor this morning .
1	Last week , Rick 's team played in the championship game .	At the start of the third period , the game was tied .
1	One day , Samantha saw a beautiful butterfly .	She followed it through the forest .
0	He waited for a windy day to fly his kite .	He got it in the mail 2 days later .
0	Whoever could drink the most milk in an hour would win .	Amy challenged her sister to a contest .
0	Today Joey found his truck under his bed .	I was so mad that he blamed me because I did n't take it .
0	I found shade under a nice tree .	I decided to take a rest and sit down for a bit .
0	One day it ran into the street .	Sam always let his dog out on the yard .
1	There , she bought flower bulbs .	She planted them and watched her flowers spring up !
1	He knew the book was not easy to find , but he had tried everywhere .	He searched up and down the aisles , hoping the book was in the store .
1	Since I was by myself , I got extra credit .	It was a great experience .
1	Fred and his sister met up with the man and got Wags back .	Wags was happy to be back in his bed that night beside Fred .
0	The contractor decided to get revenge .	The man did n't pay the contractor for months .
0	Then she had an idea - she would bake a banana cake !	She really hated the thought of throwing away food !
1	Tim always wanted a new car .	He grew up poor .
1	Alas , my coworkers laughed at the purse .	That 's when I realized I had bad fashion taste .
0	He made films about his adult friends talking and cussing .	After film school , Quentin decided to make it his career .
0	But suddenly , the hot water turned off .	Tina was taking a shower .
1	I sneaked several cookies through that window and gobbled them up .	Mom later asked me how I thought the box was three cookies short .
0	Laura loved the new change of scenery at her new place .	When she arrived at her new apartment she unpacked all her things .
0	He was sleepy for the rest of the day .	He was out of coffee today !
1	His dad was at work , and his mother was in her garden out front .	He decided he would sneak and play Nintendo .
1	Suddenly , Dan ran into the kitchen and started crying .	He had just seen a video of a man trampled by an elephant .
0	He particularly pushes the Marx Brothers ' films .	My father is always trying to convince me to watch old movies .
0	Being seven , she had n't done it by herself before .	Katie needed to cross the street by herself .
0	Jake could n't hear his mom because he had earphones on .	Mom asked Jake to clean out the fridge .
0	The teacher got angry .	They all wanted to battle him in the game .
1	Red wiped down the mirror to see better .	Once the mirror was clean he shaved his face .
1	He was small for his age , and not very strong .	He decided to join a boxing team at his local gym .
0	But Nick could n't be persuaded .	His family worried that he would n't like the military .
0	Then he found out he had no milk !	He poured the cereal into a bowl like he always did .
0	He got in his car and drove to where his mom was .	He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best .
1	When he got home he took out a can of oil .	Ken oiled the door hinge so it did n't make any noise .
1	Jake was walking home from his college class .	He passed a homeless man who asked him for spare change .
0	Sleep little sister knowing that everything was done for you this day .	Most people are born with two but someone decided you only get one .
1	They all decided to go to 7-11 to buy some snacks .	Ronnie realized that he had used all of his allowance already .
1	He quickly wrote a news story on the subject .	He put his news story online .
0	He had to have it replaced .	Sam 's windshield cracked .
1	My friend Tina said she felt sick while we were on the phone .	She kept talking although she sounded sick .
0	He grew up poor .	Tim always wanted a new car .
0	Mitch thanked his friend but secretly hated the gift .	For Mitch 's birthday , his friend gave him a history book .
1	She was stuck at the end of the road .	Rebecca had to call for help .
1	And he noticed that the man went inside occasionally .	He waited for the right moment stole items from the garage .
1	She watched the first episode .	She liked it alot .
1	Bjorn was a Viking .	He sailed the sea with his crew .
0	I had to rush back up there to see if someone had returned it .	I realized when I got home later that day I left my sweater .
1	I teared up listening to her explanation .	It was a proud mommy moment .
0	She had roller skated so she thought it would n't be too hard .	Jenny had never been ice skating before .
0	When the girls got there they went over to the club .	Kelly decided to take a girls trip to Vegas .
1	She constantly asked her mom when it would be time to go .	Sally started to get impatient and kept bugging her mom .
1	I was so distracted I ended up missing my stop .	Then i got mad .
1	Before the principal went inside her car , an angry mob appeared .	They were yelling at the principal to reconsider her decision .
0	When the match started , they realized her sister was in the derby .	When they got there , her sister was n't at the seats .
0	The doctors said he would never walk again .	He was paralyzed by a gunshot wound .
1	He needed a place to live , but could n't find anything affordable .	Finally , Joel checked the local newspaper .
0	As she was driving she spilled coffee on her white shirt .	Beth had a huge interview .
0	He realized that he could make a living from motorbikes .	Usman loved motorbikes .
0	Three years ago I auditioned for Assistant Concertmaster of KCS .	I play violin and take a lot of orchestral auditions .
0	I negotiated the price down by six thousand dollars .	The dealer there gave me a price estimate for a new car .
0	It knew it had done something bad !	But his dog was hiding and did not come to him .
1	The first two weeks of practice we did n't even touch a ball , just ran .	We ran so much I thought I was on the track team .
0	Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise .	Her family wanted to do something special for Karen .
0	Suddenly , her best friend came into the room .	She was in her room doing her hair .
0	One day , Martin wrote Gina a love letter .	Gina was unaware of this .
1	He wondered if he could keep up with the times .	Orson decided to retire .
1	Sam was playing football with Mike .	But the football got stuck in a tree .
1	After a few hours , I finished !	I decided to inspect my work .
1	Andrea was a teenager who wanted to be a movie star .	She took drama class and acted in a school play .
0	They told her they 'd think about it .	She asked her parents for a cat .
0	They bought turkey lunch meat and canned potatoes at a grocery store .	But there was a terrible ice storm that stranded them midway !
1	Elizabeth moved into a new house .	She decided to paint the house .
1	The firefighter told her to run through an opening .	Although she got burned on the band , she ended up making it .
0	He had always brushed back and forth and rinsed after .	Harry read that most people brush their teeth wrong .
1	He could n't find it anywhere .	He went online and asked a friend to call it .
1	She told him to pick her up around 8 o'clock .	When Jim arrived to the house , she was n't there .
1	Tom 's parents had a new window installed .	But when Luke wanted to play basketball again , Tom was too scared .
1	She did not want to miss work because she was sick .	When Diana started to get ready for work she got dizzy .
1	They worked on the house many hours for months .	Then they sold the beautifully renovated house for a huge profit .
1	But after being mocked at school for going braless , she reconsidered .	Anna decided to support the cause from afar - not personally !
1	Alice confronted her roommate and got her mug back .	From then on , Alice kept her prized mug in her room .
0	The lady had lost her keys and could n't get home .	But then she heard a nearby lady crying !
1	They traveled around Europe for two years .	When they returned home they had their first child .
1	He determined he was adopted and wanted to give his mom respect .	On , what he thought , was his last visit he saw he looked like his mom .
1	Everyday before bed she would turn her night light on .	One day , her night light broke down .
1	Billy looked up and his father was gone !	Billy found an employee who called his father for him .
1	He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best .	He got in his car and drove to where his mom was .
0	Milo 's mother did not know how to discipline him properly at all .	Milo was a fat boy with a bad temper .
1	She came across a rare chestnut tree .	It was large in diameter .
1	We went to North Conway .	We went up the highway .
1	I decided to take a long walk down the street .	As I started walking , I found $ 10 on the ground .
1	She took a train ride into Manhattan .	There , she saw the sights .
1	He thought it would be a lot of fun .	HE paid a tour guide for a tour .
0	After an hour of hiking , Dave finally realized he was lost .	He became very distracted by the beautiful off-trail scenery .
0	But Amy 's mom handed it to her sister .	When the coats arrived , Amy fell in love with one trimmed in fur .
0	It was hard for the friends to remember .	The ended up with a very complex handshake .
1	John had a mouse in his home .	It had been coming up from behind his sink .
0	Three of the strands were burned out .	The father tested the lights .
0	Still , the cake came out weird .	She worked really hard on the recipe .
0	Bob accepted the dare .	Bob 's friends dared Bob to eat a rotten banana .
1	Pablo joined the football team and helped win the first game .	Pablo 's performance made him popular and no one bothered him again .
1	As she walked through the park , she attracted much attention .	A teenage boy stopped Jane on the path and asked her a question .
1	I was practicing Korean during the afternoon .	However , I became frustrated since it was hard to comprehend it .
1	So they set up a schedule .	Each roommate is only allowed to bring a date home on certain nights .
0	One day , Henry was running and knocked the vase over .	She always told Henry not to touch it .
0	It melted a hole clean through the CD .	So he grabbed a bottle of pure acetone .
1	Amy took initiative and cleaned the whole room .	She hoped her roommate would get the hint and keep it clean .
1	But then her aunt called and said the little boy was sick .	Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all .
0	Then Ivy set up a meeting between her parents and Jason .	They thought he was a bad guy .
1	It has been very expensive and time consuming .	I needed sponsors to finish the project .
1	She mixed it up in an attempt to make lunch .	Since the place needed meat , she also fried and eggs .
1	Stephanie and Tom bought the poodle .	Stephanie and Tom are now happy with their pet poodle , Ralph .
1	He ran from his car into his bomb shelter .	He bolted the door behind him and waited for the big one to come .
1	Mr Poke demanded the station stop airing such stories .	The station said it was their duty to inform the public .
1	After that warning , we tried to not have any more parties .	However one night , a small gathering turned into a house full of 100 !
0	Alex got to talk about his favorite type of coffee on the news .	Then , they motioned him over to ask him some questions .
1	He decided to live in his car .	One night , someone stole his car .
1	Clint loved his biology class .	He never missed it .
1	The friend never done that before .	Tom accidentally knocked his friend out cold !
1	He gives his students a daily project to work on .	Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy .
0	Nancy was faithful at caring for her garden .	She began purchasing seeds and prepping her soil .
0	Nell was excited for her mom to come home with her new crayons .	Nell 's mom headed to the store for school supplies .
0	I ended up getting sick .	I immediately went to the trash can .
0	He said a customer returned a big bag of bridge mix candy .	One day , Nell 's dad came home fuming .
1	Her car slammed into a telephone pole .	Amy was thrown through the windshield and injured badly .
1	Now , he had to let people know how corrupt the media is .	So he wrote a tell all book on the media .
1	She climbed on and moved but something felt off .	When she looked she saw that the chains were rusty .
0	In addition , her friend decided to watch the movie without her .	Jane panicked when she found out that her wallet is home .
1	The only explanation was the cat .	He found her in his bedroom with the tuna .
0	It was quite fun .	I painted each nail a different color .
1	Jen has a ten page paper due tomorrow .	She has not even started .
0	Amy hid the candy in her shirt and ran upstairs .	She waited till her mom walked away .
1	The cat was allergic to her food .	Melanie now spends lots of money on a different kind of pet food .
1	She kept asking her husband , but they did n't have enough money .	One day , her husband said that they had enough .
1	But then a frown appeared on her face .	She had to spit it out in the sink !
1	She went to classes on extroversion and sociability .	She learned how to make friends and act outgoing .
1	Jerome entered himself into a chili cook off .	He decided to make his grandpa 's old family recipe .
0	I then had to have my hands tested for dangerous materials .	Since I did n't have them out , they made me go back through .
1	After rushing , she did make it to work on time	Her boss was very kind and bought her some fries for lunch
0	Tonight he plans to attend a concert with his girlfriend .	Jerry is n't the kind of guy to let a small illness keep him down .
0	His friends chipped in and bought him a new pair .	One day his shoes were stolen from his locker during swimming .
0	Just as she was about to give up , a sand dollar washed up by her feet .	Lucy , unable to find her own , was extremely jealous .
0	Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous .	At the party , a handsome guy and his friends came over to her .
0	A blue book about fishing caught his eye .	He wandered the stacks to find a good one .
1	She asked her boyfriend matt to go out to get some .	He got into his car .
1	Shana 's friend Amy was getting married .	Shana decided to throw her a surprise shower at work .
0	Debra taught them to fill a pail with sand to flip them carefully .	She purchased plastic pails of different sizes to act as molds .
1	He hears screaming .	He called 911 but it was too late .
0	Sam looked up and saw a leak in the ceiling .	Another drop of water landed on his head .
0	Then he sped past and was nowhere to be found .	Sue shifted into gear but the person already rammed into her .
0	He could n't get out of it so he almost suffocated .	In his past when he was a child he got stuck in a box .
0	The dog came toward them , and Tina immediately turned to run away .	One day they went to a new street and saw a very big and scary dog .
0	The vet discovered floss around her tongue and snipped it off .	She would n't eat and was n't playing .
1	Our knees are bent and we are focused counting out with anticipation .	Here she comes , muscles tense , shouting encouragement .
1	It did n't have much of a budget of popularity .	She still did n't get the part .
1	I found them on my wife 's feet .	She told me she found them in the living room .
1	Nell was happy playing with her quirky friends .	One day , she got an invitation from a popular girl at school .
1	Amy yelled `` Kanye '' as he stepped out .	She was surprised and pleased when stopped for a photo with her .
1	He brought his laptop to show a final presentation .	During the presentation the laptop battery died .
1	The chef knew tonight would be a busy night .	One hundred diners were visiting the restaurant .
0	He checked his pockets again but only found a penny .	Tom needed one more quarter for bus fare .
1	One person got seasick , while the other did not .	We saw a lot of whales .
0	Tina sued her employer .	Tina hired a lawyer .
0	She got the ball and took out the boy .	One day she ran against a boy to get a ball
1	Lary was taught by his father how to make delicious lasagna .	He brought his family secret to America .
0	The dentist had to pull three of his teeth because they were rotten .	One day , Arnold had a bad ache in his tooth .
0	We took our small boat and fishing equipment .	My husband and I went to the San Juan Islands for our honeymoon .
1	His friend had told him there was no Santa Claus !	But on Christmas eve , his mom called him downstairs .
0	They even volunteered to teach him his letters .	But when they found out , they were all very kind .
1	Sara loves books .	She will go anywhere to find a book .
1	Several days later she got the money for the gum .	The gum was all the sweeter for the long wait .
1	Someone jumped out with a chainsaw and Jesse and his friends ran .	They ran fast to the end of the maze , completely out of breath .
0	Sure enough , his phone died and he could n't recharge it .	Alas , he was expecting a call from his friend .
0	All the leaves on the trees began to change color .	The temperature started to drop .
0	The huge raccoon ate out of our hands which tickled as he did so .	We seen a raccoon and the park ranger allowed us to feed him .
1	Dana loves it .	Dana finally has a new color for her nails .
1	He loved cabbage but he ate no other veggies at all .	Then his mom got him to try Brussels sprouts .
0	However , people became jealous of Hank and his grill .	He would hold cookouts with people who would pay for his hot dogs .
1	Sara bought a camera with her tax return .	She wanted to become a photographer to make extra money .
0	Susan and Joe acted enthusiastic about the trip .	Tim and Mary invited Susan and Joe out camping on Sunday .
1	He was caught throwing rocks .	Her father dragged the boy into the house .
0	After cleaning out the fridge , I had to take my trash out to the can .	I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items .
0	And she was n't allowed to eat anymore burgers that night .	Lexi 's mom found her stealing from her brother 's plate .
1	He had never stayed with her before .	At night he heard thumps coming from the attic .
0	He had just seen a video of a man trampled by an elephant .	Suddenly , Dan ran into the kitchen and started crying .
0	He put the leaves in bags and cleared his lawn .	He raked the leaves .
1	He knows that worst case he gets told to lay down .	Best case scenario begging will get him something .
1	One of them was where the headquarters of the company was located .	Surprised , the co-workers told him that this was the headquarters !
1	Florence has always dreamed of being a mother .	For Years she saw her friends getting married and having kids .
1	Left in the seats was one woman wearing earbuds using her computer .	Suddenly she looked up , screamed and pounded on the glass .
1	Beth had a huge interview .	As she was driving she spilled coffee on her white shirt .
0	I had a pet rat for less than one hour .	When I got home I instantly had to take him back .
0	Dan thought he 'd struck oil !	Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air !
1	His mom was worried about getting in trouble .	She worked hard to make his attendance better .
1	Billy was open and his teammate passed the ball to him .	Billy ran up to the hoop .
0	They were fishing for salmon in their backyard .	Jim was out fishing with his son Todd .
0	John picked Cory to play in the game instead , and they won !	Timmy could n't play in the game because of his ankle .
1	Joy does n't know how to play chess but has always wanted to learn .	Her grandfather has a chess board and knows how to play .
1	Tim started crying .	Jay gave him money for another hot dog .
0	Here she comes , muscles tense , shouting encouragement .	Our knees are bent and we are focused counting out with anticipation .
0	They both had a pee fetish .	Rather than being disgusted , he smiled and peed beside her .
0	When Chris came back the restaurant was packed and Theo had made $ 100 .	He convinced Theo to let him leave because it was n't busy .
1	She was dropped off at college the day after she turned 18 .	Her roommate asked her to go to a party .
1	She went next door and asked her neighbor for the ball .	Her neighbor gladly let her in the fence to get her ball !
1	As Ernie would sit down , Doug would roll Ernie 's chair back .	Glenda even found a fake spider on her keyboard .
1	Amy worked harder in the class than previously .	The teacher approached Amy and told her she was receiving a D .
1	She asked her mother for money to buy some .	Her mother thought it was too expensive .
0	He got a warning for littering in the park .	Then , a park guard yelled at him .
0	They also participated in several activities such as cooking .	On the bright side , many people communicated with each other .
0	Undeterred , he turned his attention to a passing goose .	Fish neither speak nor understand speech .
1	She realized that she had stepped on a nail .	She had to go to the hospital and get stitches .
0	The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile .	Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar .
1	He speaks with his closest friends who recruits him to the army .	Phil spends time in the army and the time has come to go to war .
0	Jack 's face lit up and he jumped for joy .	When Jack came home she handed him the puppy .
0	Ronnie was relieved that the problem had solved itself .	Ronnie 's daughter liked the new friend so much she shared with her .
1	Desmond and Alexis are brother and sister .	They both love dinosaurs .
1	His girlfriend said Steve was looking at her .	Chris tried to start a fight but Steve said let 's race .
1	She was feeling lonely so she went to the shelter to adopt a puppy .	She found a brown dog with white ears that she loved .
1	He met a lovely woman and got married .	Abe thought getting over the fear of rejection was great .
1	The vet promised to call the sanctuary to straighten it out .	Ana was able to bring her bird home at last .
0	Really my grandmother should have known not to race me like that .	It was a close race until the other drive rear-ended a parked car .
0	Afterwards he confessed his love for her .	On the same day , he also took her to the movie theater to see a movie .
1	She worked for months on her fitness .	She lifted weights .
0	Roger was blind though .	Roger wanted to play tennis as well as Roger Federer .
1	Her quilts were beautiful .	Ryan 's girlfriend loved her quilts .
0	Howie eats the pizza in his car .	Howie drives to pick up the pizza .
0	I agreed and implemented a locally weighted regression algorithm .	My friend told me to try a local regression instead .
1	Thinking the warning was an overreaction , Ed did n't evacuate .	Instead , he hunkered down in his basement .
0	His company had not paid him .	He checked his bank account .
0	They decided to go to the hospital .	Although she did n't know what was happening , she went to her mom .
0	He bought a pretty pony and learned how to take care of it .	Paco had ambitions of riding horses .
0	In class , she gave her speech and got an A .	After watching herself on camera , Jill was able to feel calmer .
0	I tried to open each of the 8 remaining hits .	I did the first 6 in an hour .
1	Mary is a lesbian .	She finally talked to her mother alone .
1	One day his friend Caden was having a hard time with math .	Jadon worked and worked with him until he got it right .
0	Finally Kenneth called his mother to talk .	They had both forgotten why they had started fighting .
1	Lina realized her son had cradle cap .	She began applying coconut oil to help heal it .
1	Sometimes her brother forgets to knock before entering her room .	Last week , Emily got mad at her brother for barging in .
0	There was a loaf of bread on his kitchen counter .	James wanted a sandwich .
1	We go to her concerts when she comes to Boston .	Attendance was down , so she gave only one concert .
0	The girl was praised the rest of the day in school .	Everyone cheered for her .
0	They called him names because of his weight .	Perry was made fun of alot at school .
1	I was arrested and sentenced to prison for arson .	I learned that I should n't play with matches .
0	She decided to go on top of the slides .	When the teacher dismissed us for recess , tony ran quickly .
1	George was confused about her reaction .	They left the horse apple orchard before George figured it out .
0	Bill focused and hit a hard home run , winning his team the game !	It was the end of the game and the scores were tied with Bill at bat !
0	When he opened his present , he was surprised with a laptop .	They told him no .
1	To his surprise , the iphone did not turn on .	Jim sent it back to Apple because it had a defective battery .
1	He drank the coffee in one sitting .	Now Andrew is very alert .
1	Sandy was having a conversation in the break room .	Jim entered the break room to get his lunch and left .
1	My dad went in first .	He came out scared of what was inside .
1	Her mom told her that school was cancelled for today .	Lisa was so excited that she could spend the day at home .
1	Lauren was taking photos of her son outside .	It was his first birthday and she wanted some nice pictures .
0	He saved up more money , he bought blue paint and painted his car .	When he turned 17 , the only car he could afford was yellow .
0	Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove .	She traced the route in red and put the map in her car .
1	We always fight on what to watch when we go out .	We compromise now and each take turns picking the movies we see .
0	The entire thing began to fall down .	Suddenly , the door hit a bump .
1	Carl finds old dirty sneakers in his closet .	He decided to run in his old shoes instead .
1	He applied at an auto store to make more money .	His experience landed him the job .
1	When she tried it she loved it .	Kelly thought it was amazing .
1	He talked about the might and glory of a deity .	Bob 's audience listened with rapt attention and swayed .
0	The act featured an amateur singer and professional backup dancers .	A new music act was performing in the local stadium .
0	Afterward , we discussed the movie .	We bought candy and watched the movie during the afternoon .
1	Erica was excited to graduate high school .	She had worked hard in all her classes .
0	Rich went to the doctor to be assessed .	Rich began to worry it might be skin cancer .
0	However on the trip there was tension .	She decided to go on a girls trip with her sisters to celebrate .
1	Tim had trouble paying attention .	His homework was to read chapter 4 of his math book .
1	His old man does n't think he 's lived up to his potential .	And Billy thinks his dad 's a stick in the mud .
1	Hallie went back to sleep .	When she woke up she felt much better .
0	Fred was very nervous .	Fred and his team were gearing up for the soccer game .
0	I had to send it back for a replacement .	During the next day , it was n't working .
1	And she reluctantly rode it .	Afterwards , Cindy felt in her legs and neck .
0	Sadly he did n't have enough money to purchase the ring .	He had a strong desire to marry his girlfriend .
1	As she was handing him a pencil she touched his hand .	Michael almost fainted as a result .
1	All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute .	James finally picked a black and white puppy .
0	He did n't know how to fix it .	It was getting in the way of his driving .
0	They arrived at the field .	Ed challenged his friends to a softball game .
0	She rolled over , so he could climb in next to her .	Her son had had another nightmare .
1	They drank and hand fun .	It relaxed her and put her in a good mood .
1	He scrambled to move his king away .	Though Jess finally checkmated his king .
1	He ordered a giant sub from the store .	When he got there , the sub was six feet long !
1	One child began to panic and cry .	They never found her but one was was every sure she even played .
0	James established a new personal record marathon time .	James ran the marathon successfully .
0	Vince noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it .	When he looked for an outfit , he could not find anything to wear .
0	The boys were neglecting their puppy spot .	Dan and his brother Rob were playing with a Hot Wheels track .
1	Tyson was very sad .	He decided he needed to pay better attention to his pets .
1	He cooked them with some onions and mushrooms .	Mark ate dinner with his family .
0	He bent over and examined it .	The boy followed the light to its source .
1	My fiancee and I are planning our wedding for this coming spring .	At first we considered inviting all of our friends and family .
0	In college Mary began to party and get drunk every night .	They did everything together .
1	He purchased tickets online well in advance .	A ferocious storm causes it to be canceled in his theater .
1	He just made a bunch of it for xmas .	Chocolate was his favorite so he ate all that he made .
1	His sister told him to try the dollar store .	They had everything he needed !
1	Joyce was trying to learn a yoyo trick .	She looked up videos online to try and learn .
0	She had n't made nearly enough food !	She was frenzied .
0	He was looking to take on clients to make some money .	Nick just became a personal trainer .
1	I stepped on the chair and placed one foot on the Stove .	My hand accidentally hit a bowl .
0	The music teacher was impressed and accepted them into the choir .	Melanie only mouthed the words , while her friend sang aloud .
1	Samantha made a to-do list and started on her chores .	Samantha was able to finish all of her chores !
0	Her doctor said she could attempt a vaginal delivery , and VBAC .	Now she was in labor with her second .
1	Alan was angry and unhappy .	They had to reimburse him for the cost of his clothes .
1	Steve began tucking his daughter into bed .	She asked him to look underneath it and check for monsters .
0	He looked under the hood and realized his starter was broken .	Billy 's car broke down on the highway .
0	Alana was furious .	To her surprise , her friend Jenny invited her husband .
0	Then , the dog started chasing me .	I stood frozen for a little while .
0	Bill ca n't figure out why .	Bill 's dog starts barking at the wall and pacing every time it rains .
1	Peter 's parents told them to be asleep by midnight .	They decided that they would sneak out of the house after midnight .
1	She really wanted to be a nurse when she grew up .	Her brother fell off his bike .
0	She now does n't have to knead the dough .	She bought herself a standing mixer at the store .
0	Joe was nervous and scared , wondering what happened to Jack .	Each week he wrote letters home , but then he stopped !
0	He got up to see if there were gifts .	Suddenly , at 2 am , he heard noises .
1	May wanted to start a book club .	She sent fliers around to her family and friends .
1	One day , I realized she was n't inside the house .	I went searching outside , and found her with a male cat .
1	She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her .	Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever !
0	A raccoon was holding a rock and hitting the door .	I went to the window and looked out .
0	Jaime finally arrived home two hours later .	He got slightly lost on numerous back roads .
1	However this morning she lost track of it .	She looked all over town trying to find it .
0	So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks .	They could n't decide on what to choose .
0	I fill my home salt and pepper shakers with stolen condiment packets .	I steal salt and pepper packets from restaurants .
1	Sue shifted into gear but the person already rammed into her .	Then he sped past and was nowhere to be found .
1	Last week I was playing dominoes in the alley .	All the gang was there .
0	She asked how much it was for a haircut .	Mary drove to the nearest hair salon .
1	Sam was obsessed with different soda flavors .	He had spent hours researching the most tasty combinations .
1	One day he showed all his drawings to his mom .	She told him some were good and some were n't .
1	A guy flirted with his mother .	But Charles did n't care , he was having the ride of his life .
1	Rachel needed to borrow a pen .	She asked her co worker for one .
0	Joe brought a towel with him .	Joe went to the beach .
1	Carly ran to class to be on time .	She saw a puddle was in her path ahead .
1	My mom saw several dishes in the sink .	She asked my siblings and I if any of us caused the pile .
1	I backed away warily and went on my way .	She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died .
0	Everybody thinks Bill is crazy to give up football to play music .	But his true passion is music .
0	Although she got burned on the band , she ended up making it .	The firefighter told her to run through an opening .
1	It was a lot of hard work , because their tree is artificial .	They had to build the tree from pieces .
1	Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her .	The child kept pushing the tissue away and crying .
0	The game comes and Ken blocks all the other team 's goals .	Ken has been practicing all week .
1	He was a very frugal man .	He decided to order socks online .
1	He ran away from me , because he did not want to get wet .	I caught him after a chase .
1	Three times in a row he had doubled down and been correct .	If he doubled down one more time he would be set for life .
1	She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries .	At the end of the first week Amy 's whole torso was sore .
0	The river carried his basketball all the way down the stream .	Larry raced after his basketball .
0	I was excited to see the exhibits , and planned on being there all day .	My grandpa took me to the museum one weekend , just him and I .
0	There was a teacher outside of the lunchroom .	She wanted to search Dave 's desk for her pencils .
1	Eventually he got really good .	He joined a local band and has fun playing .
1	Ted was in the market for a new car .	He browsed craigslist for months .
1	His friend was a sore loser .	Carl kept letting him win .
0	One day , he fell sick .	He loved it !
0	His experience landed him the job .	He applied at an auto store to make more money .
1	Tay and his friends were racing bikes .	Tay knew he could win the race .
1	The day after she moved in , her mom took her to the school .	They met her teachers and got her schedule , and toured the school .
1	He lived alone .	One day he heard something move .
0	Becky won the first game , along with the 2nd and 3rd .	They were very competitive towards each other .
0	And suggested that he could learn enough online .	Jim 's friend gave him some advice .
1	The cup filled with water .	Sally ran outside and brought her cup in .
0	She asked the cashier , hoping there was a copy in the return slot .	There were no copies on the shelf .
0	Everyone gathered at the ranger 's ' station for a lecture on turtles .	The park was doing night turtle watches during egg-laying season .
0	She paused and left .	I wanted to stand my ground and agreed .
0	At first , Sean was winning the game .	Sean and Sara were playing a board game .
0	I stopped to see what it was .	It hit my front right wheel .
0	Gerald ended up throwing his controller at him .	Henry did a celebrating dance when he ended up winning .
0	They found a good spot for camp deep in the woods .	John went on a camping trip with his brother Mark .
1	She made a scarecrow out of old clothes and junk from her garage .	The scarecrow worked so well that it even kept the deer away .
0	I usually buy one big box of chocolate and one small box of blueberry .	Only one of my kids likes blueberry pop-tarts .
0	His dad thought clown college was a joke .	He loved making people laugh and wanted to do it forever .
0	The tape was wound around the gears of the tape deck .	Gina went to the stereo and took the tape out .
1	In the winter the ice fished .	He caught lots of big ones .
0	She bought it right away .	Finally , she found one that suited her perfectly .
1	He only had one for his body and not his long hair .	Tim looked for a hair drier but it was broken .
0	I bought a supplement that promised to cure her .	My dog kept getting sick .
0	At the theater he found out he did n't have enough money .	He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie .
0	She went inside her house .	She finally woke up a few hours later .
0	One day , my mom cooked trout for dinner .	I hate fish !
1	He often won a lot of bets at that track .	One day a big storm blew over the stables and destroyed the stands .
0	He let out a sigh and made himself toast instead .	He opened up the fridge and saw no milk .
1	He soon met a guy named Jeff .	Jeff was really mean .
1	Soon he had gotten on countless mailing lists .	Soon all of the dollars and postage expenses added up .
1	She had never seen anything like it .	She had already been in trouble for talking while the teacher was .
1	Billy started posting list articles with broad appeal .	Suddenly she was getting a lot of likes on her posts .
1	As a college senior on the campus paper , I won reporter of the week .	My broadcast teacher leaked classified information in class .
1	He made snacks in anticipation of the premiere .	As they gathered around the tv the news began .
0	She blew everyone away during her next audition in the fall .	Michelle used the recordings to practice all summer .
1	Two kids were playing football in the street .	They tried to see how far they could throw to each other .
0	I went searching outside , and found her with a male cat .	One day , I realized she was n't inside the house .
1	Sarah was not feeling well .	She went to the doctor to find out why .
1	His glasses fell down and broke in half .	He needed to take an exam next period so he taped up his glasses .
0	Kelsey knows better than to forget his coffee in the morning .	He finally got his coffee but it kept him up all night .
1	I started my first campfire the other night .	First I gathered wood and kindling .
1	Dj forgot himself and answered the door .	His neighbor stared at him in shock .
0	Before long Steve was paying all his bills on time and was debt free .	The adviser put Steve on a strict budget and organized his payments .
1	They needed to upgrade systems .	They met with all of the vendors .
0	I can touch the rim but I ca n't quite get the ball over the rim .	I 've always wanted to be able to dunk a basketball .
0	Her closet had been transformed .	She came home from work one day and found a surprise .
0	She ran to her daughter 's room and grabbed a bottle .	Jane was out of hairspray one morning .
1	Jacob was a skateboarder .	He wanted to impress his friends , who were also skaters .
1	Ahead were a bunch of signs he was unfamiliar with .	They said a roundabout was ahead .
1	He looked all around his office , to no avail .	He borrowed money from a friend for lunch .
1	It was the day of the super bowl .	Jim invited his friends to come over .
0	She 's selling my creation online .	My friend Tina thinks I 'm an artist .
1	It always barked all night .	So Jim and other neighbors kept complaining .
1	Cruz was highly allergic to nuts of all kind .	He attended his grandma 's party and had a piece of cake .
0	Tom even played during school .	Tom played every day .
0	When I arrived , I realized I did n't pack the correct clothing .	I did n't realize just how cold it would be .
1	Sally often did most of the work in team projects .	At the next staff meeting , Sally 's boss gave her a special award .
1	Carey walked her dog in the dog park every day .	Seeing all the dogs there gave her an idea .
0	Soon , her behavior made no one want to be friends with her .	She always gossiped about other people and said ugly things .
1	She proceeded to get her makeup done .	Unfortunately they screwed up .
0	She decided to take a walk in her neighborhood .	Heather was home from college .
0	We sat in the waiting room for about five minutes .	I took my son to the doctor this morning because his eyes were red .
1	It was Sarah 's birthday .	Her husband bought her a beautiful necklace .
0	Her boyfriend would n't stop laughing .	She threw only gutter balls .
0	It affected him so much , he got on drugs at age thirteen .	Antwan was very young when his mother died .
1	His father told him he was busy .	Robbie felt lonely and sat down to cry .
0	Soon May was burning extra calories and losing weight daily !	The added weight helped her burn more calories .
1	James had trouble getting out of bed .	He barely got any sleep last night .
1	However , her friend met a new friend and began talking to her less .	Sasha was very hurt .
1	Julia was nervous because she was getting her first tattoo today .	She walked into the tattoo parlor and was shaking with fear .
0	This lasted for months .	They got into an argument .
1	I started stealing and lying .	Eventually , I got caught by the police .
1	He cooked a bagel .	Then , he put some condiments on it .
0	She was hoping to be awarded a large trophy .	She did very well and won first prize !
1	Jackie had to quickly call the fire department .	The firemen saved her house but Jackie did not get any pizza .
0	Three hours later , Gina was outside playing with Lucy .	Afterwards she would work on her report .
1	Kelly and her family moved abroad .	She did n't know a word of the local language .
1	Sarah arrived at school to find a note on her locker .	The note led her on a huge scavenger hunt .
1	He spent hours making sure that they did n't wreck his home .	Eventually , he got them to behave .
1	The park was near a lake .	They brought sandwiches and pie .
0	Ana was so happy to have a house full of food again !	She bought all kinds of meats , veggies and sides .
0	Beth was proud of herself for making it to the top .	Amy and Beth ran up the hill together .
1	I followed the driveway to the street .	From there I followed the street to the mailbox .
1	He took out a saw and began to cut a hole in his roof .	The saw gave him a hard time so he took a break .
1	She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of animals .	Nell enjoyed the project , matching animals to the letters .
1	Amy was going on a date .	She told her friend she was going to paint her toenails .
1	It was raining yet warm	The kids still wanted to go to the park .
0	Jasmine waited 20 long years until she finally moved out .	Jasmine 's mother is allergic to cats , so she could never have one .
0	I had to stop the lawnmower and catch it .	When I started on the grass , I noticed a frog .
1	He broke it apart and looked at the shoe .	However , the bottom sole was dangling loose and the top had holes .
1	In a tiny village in Japan I found a katana blacksmith .	I asked him if I could be his apprentice .
1	Charly kept trying over and over .	Eventually he got a hang of it and painted a pretty horse .
1	Bradley took a large mop and started to clean the floor .	In the meanwhile , Dustin took a duster .
0	We finished much quicker as a team than if I did it myself .	A neighbor came over and helped me finish .
1	Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike .	She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother .
1	He noticed his brother was distracted .	Then , he threw the balloon right at his face .
1	She was very beautiful and very wise .	One day , a plague came to egypt and many suffered .
0	But nothing would do the trick .	We tried fiber gummy bears and miralax .
0	Jane reached down the pick up the kitten .	The kitten looked scared and Jane felt bad for it .
1	He went to the surgeon and had a nose job .	Ned felt much better about himself afterwards .
0	He heard a loud bang , but was n't sure what it was .	An old man was working in his garden one day .
0	He was afraid of approaching her .	Joseph had a crush on a girl .
0	He moved from his NH home and lived in Boston .	My friend 's son just graduated from college .
0	Tim looked at his wife is disbelief .	His wife changed the channel during the fourth quarter of the game .
0	She sent the girl to feed the dogs .	She hoped to cure the girl of her fear .
1	The stores were all closed so she had to improvise .	All the traditional Thanksgiving sides were accompanied by hamburgers .
1	She wants to be a nurse , but her SATs scores were low .	Tona asked my daughter to edit her college essay .
1	One Friday after Joanne got out of school they got to work .	They baked cookies all afternoon .
1	There was no reason for them to get home right away .	They decided to take their time and stop at lakes to swim , everyday .
0	He does n't like it the changes in his girlfriend .	Tim notices that it 's changing her .
1	Once at practice , though , Ben had an accident .	He was halfway through the 400 meter when he slipped on the gravel .
0	I got the numbers 4 for Panthers , and 9 for Broncos .	I paid five dollars for a block in a Super Bowl pool .
0	Sammie said goodbye to his old friends and bought a new pair of socks .	Sammie realized he had to throw away his old socks and buy new ones .
0	They made the floats and both were happy .	They figured out that ice cream floats would be best .
1	She asked her kids to be at the photographer 's studio on time .	They all showed up .
0	JIm re-buried the acorns so the squirrel would n't starve .	He explained that the squirrel would need them in winter .
0	They were close and decided to pursue the criminal .	His second call was an armed suspect running from the police .
0	As I watched the game it was actually quite boring .	It was my first game to watch .
1	Jenny was getting sick of being drenched each time she bathed him .	Becoming frustrated , Jenny realized she should buy an artist 's smock .
1	He applied and received a call back .	Mark interviewed for the position .
0	The kids started playing truth or dare .	Ava was at a slumber party .
0	It was a curious decision .	She decided to dye her hair purple yesterday .
0	He went to the tryouts and hit every ball .	He practiced at home until he was ready .
1	Kathy was incredibly afraid of needles .	Despite this , she volunteered to donate blood at the local drive .
1	Jeff wanted to play football his senior year but was too skinny .	He wanted to be a wide receiver but was n't fast enough either .
0	He was mad that he could n't play sports for two weeks .	Tim broke his ankle playing sports .
1	Rhea had never met the man .	She was apprehensive about their first meeting .
1	Amy 's boss told her he wanted to move her to a new desk .	Amy was upset because she liked her current desk .
1	He dreamed too much .	And he never accomplished anything .
0	The kids sat quietly , and waited .	The school was on a lockdown .
1	The dealer showed her the rules , and soon she started to catch on .	The other players left in shame , as Barbara had won all of their money .
1	She stumbled over the large , raised crack .	Gina spilled half her chips on the sidewalk .
1	At first she finds the habit tedious .	But eventually she enjoys having more water .
1	She failed to become an astrophysicist .	She ended up becoming a science illustrator for space instead .
1	I hated it .	But , I realized that I got to make a difference in people 's lives .
0	He put his news story online .	He quickly wrote a news story on the subject .
1	She moved to a rural area .	Sally struggled to find work without dealing with people .
1	Eric 's dad was a Baptist preacher .	Both of his sisters and his baby brother thought that was cool .
0	Nancy overheard Bo blaming her for forgetting the sheet .	When they arrived at Girl Scouts , she found out Bo forgot it .
0	Marshall 's parents let him keep the puppy .	The puppy ran right up to Marshall and licked his face .
1	Eventually he let me read it out loud on my own .	I went to school one day and showed my abilities .
0	The children screamed as the bird flew crazily from room to room .	I opened the door and a bird swooped through .
0	Jennifer really enjoyed all the practice sessions .	The coach took his time with teaching her the basics .
1	Fortunately , he had saved up money for a new one .	Jesse bought a new computer .
1	It crashed to the floor .	When Max picked it up , he saw that it was broken .
0	An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim .	Since he saw no one coming , he rolled through it .
0	Kelly laughed all the way to the bottom .	The sled quickly picked up speed as it glided down the hill .
0	Jake and all his friends fell before they got there .	They decided to have a race to the water .
1	It was getting close to Christmas .	Rachel did n't have a lot of money .
0	Finally Noah bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !	He tried a third , but they had closed early that night !
0	I decided to retire there .	I realized what a beautiful place it was .
0	But he looked at the package of meat .	Beef , spices , and his new dehydrator .
1	Schmidt had to take the bus to work .	It took a long time .
0	She challenged her friend to see who had the better serve .	She is known for her serve .
0	Today , Bill has his own band .	He became very good after much practice .
0	Bill encouraged his father to go back to school .	Bill 's father only got an 8th grade education .
0	He was very poor and could not afford one .	Steven wanted nothing more than a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet .
0	It was time for him to have morning coffee too .	On Eric 's 7th birthday he thought he was all grown up .
1	Claire was taking the train back to her apartment .	She was exhausted from practicing her violin so long .
1	She wanted a marble finish on it .	She hired workers to redo her kitchen .
1	Alex was bored when he sat through driving school .	Alex paid his fine .
0	He was ecstatic when the weatherman said a blizzard was coming .	Joey prayed for snow so school would close for the day .
1	During lunch , she had her photo taken .	When the photos were done , she saw that hers had come out poorly .
0	When we were done , we went back to my house .	We went to houses and asked for candy .
1	After three long weeks of barely getting by she finally saw a doctor .	At that point she was so sick she had to be hospitalized for a week .
1	It turns out her grandma did n't buy snacks .	Gina was disappointed she had to eat her sandwich without chips .
1	Lea was nervous about starting high school .	She had been homeschooled all her life up until then .
0	The doctor said Cayla was depressed .	Cayla finally saw a doctor and explained her problems .
0	She decided that she loved English class instead .	Clara never raised her hand in that class again .
0	The next morning when he woke his tooth was replaced with a dollar .	Three days latter Tim 's tooth fell out and he put it under his pillow .
0	She became fluent in French .	So she decided to take a French class .
0	She asked her mom if she would watch the kids for a weekend .	She works two jobs and has two kids .
1	He notices there is a band aid in his chili !	He runs into the store and asks for a new chili bowl .
1	At lunch he ate a chicken bacon ranch sandwich from Subway .	In chemistry class he fell asleep .
1	She was so good at it she became team captain .	Her team loved her as captain .
0	Now he knows to put them in the Laundry .	I made him wash his own clothes that night .
1	I called the number on the ad and entered my name .	I spent a week working on a nice logo .
1	I think the Chinese view turtles as symbols of prosperity .	Our granddaughter always pets the turtle when she sees it .
0	I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job .	Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up .
0	Nothing in the room fit in the handle slot .	The handle fell out and stranded her in the room .
0	Inside the safe was thousands of dollars worth of gold .	They found one very strange key that they finally fit to a safe .
0	She took her metal detector and set out along the shore .	Anna decided to dig for buried treasure on the beach .
1	The lion trainer opened the lion 's ' cage .	He brought one of the lions into the center ring .
0	Jake was able to buy the chair for $ 50 used .	Jake found a really nice leather computer chair on craigslist .
0	He heard a big thump .	He walked to the pantry to get some cereal .
0	They decided on a restaurant .	He called and asked her to dinner .
0	Then he spent a week in Harlem studying and admiring art .	He went downtown , ate pizza and saw a Broadway show .
1	For the past weeks , his cat had been growing bloated .	He feared she was ill and might soon die .
0	When he received his first check , he went looking for a place to eat .	Finally , an employer hired him .
1	But her best friend was n't mentioning any plans .	On her birthday , she still had n't heard anything about a celebration .
0	After college he designed a website .	He wished he could impress a venture capitalist to invest in him .
0	Upon meeting with him , he broke some disappointing news .	Jill 's boyfriend told her they needed to talk .
0	He hit a jumper last second to win the game by 1 point .	He pulled up with 3 seconds left on the clock .
1	He pulled out a shopping list he made to check what to get .	Ray started at the top and worked his way down .
0	He did n't talk to anyone at school .	He did n't think anyone loved him .
0	Then a bully began picking on Gina .	Gina had been being mean to the new boy in her class .
0	She housed them in a pet store cage .	Rachel bought two sweet guinea pigs .
0	Neil finds his favorite spot to sit .	Then Neil drives to the lake .
1	Aaron was running late for a date .	So he was driving 60 in a 30 .
0	Their mom appeared and decided to give the room to their sister .	His brother also wanted the room , and a fight broke out .
1	She decides to stop going to classes .	Her parents beg her to return to school .
0	Soon , kids were opening eggs and bursting into tears .	The sun was high in the sky when the egg hunt started .
1	I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items .	After cleaning out the fridge , I had to take my trash out to the can .
0	However , I was willing to take the risk and try it .	The thought of doing bungee jumping scared me .
1	His wife left him .	Afterward he lost his job because he was too emotional .
0	She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something .	Lisa lost her tooth yesterday .
1	She told him she was bored in their marriage and wanted a divorce .	Ray was devastated and decided to stay with his parents .
1	She wanted to get the toy .	She tried many times but it would n't work .
1	He became very distracted by the beautiful off-trail scenery .	After an hour of hiking , Dave finally realized he was lost .
0	I was sad for a long time .	One day , she developed terminal cancer .
1	Jon liked a girl .	He decided to talk to her .
1	She had one , but it was way too small for her .	She ended up attending the party with jeans and a t-shirt .
1	Pete felt destroyed by the rejection .	Pete finally met someone new .
1	Earlier , Steve went to the jeweler to purchase an engagement ring .	He then planned out how he would propose to his girlfriend that night .
1	Finally Lenore thought of a great solution .	She bought him a robotic puppy to play with .
0	I left the scene with bruises , scratches and other injuries .	He overpowered me , so I called the police .
0	At the next staff meeting , Sally 's boss gave her a special award .	Sally often did most of the work in team projects .
0	She advertised her services at school .	Eva decided to do her friends ' nails to make money for her prom dress .
1	However , her child accidentally pulled on one of the hangers .	The entire set of clothes on the rack collapsed on her .
0	The two of them rode together for hours .	His friend got out his motorcycle .
0	It was going well until she tripped , spilling red wine everywhere .	She really wanted to make a good impression .
0	The librarian came out and told them to please be more quiet .	A protester threw a brick at the library and cursed education loudly .
0	The game continued to be quite violent .	He decided to pretend the blood was just raspberry jam .
0	Now Andrew is very alert .	He drank the coffee in one sitting .
0	It always felt natural .	I always wondered why I loved wearing wigs .
1	He asked her out and they made plans .	Later , Jim picked Michaela up for their date .
1	He took a taxi to the train station .	He boarded a train bound for Albuquerque .
1	Joey was getting married and needed a gown .	She looked at many stores , but nothing looked good on her .
1	He brewed a cup of his favorite coffee .	He drank the entire cup .
1	Finally he had enough to put a deposit on an apartment .	He soon found a great , affordable place to call home !
1	Larry studied hard every day .	Finally he was fluent in Italian .
1	I was very excited to play it .	When I started playing it I could n't stop .
1	Instead of getting his ammo , he bought ammo at the range .	The ammo at the range was very expensive .
0	But each day she liked him less and less .	Gina had a crush on a boy in her class .
1	I had the day off from work and was n't sure what to do .	I went to the store just to look around .
1	When they came home , Stanley yelled at them .	His parents asked why he ca n't learn to cook for himself .
1	He found one spot by a bunch of kids .	And during the movie , they made lots of noise .
1	He could give it to his mom .	He could give it to his sister .
1	He hated the taste .	He could n't leave the table until he was done .
1	He did n't realize there was no more toilet paper .	He had to use napkins instead .
1	She gathered all of her recipes and made a grocery list .	She went to the store to buy all of the ingredients for the dishes .
1	I put on a silly voice and jumped into the pool .	After jumping in , I remembered that I left my phone in my pocket .
0	Luckily , she was able to get back up and walk home safely .	For a second , she felt really dizzy and lightheaded .
1	When she took a bite she noticed that her tooth was in it .	She was both happy and scared at the same time .
1	They discovered that the flowers were blooming .	They stopped the car , got out , and took a photograph of the flowers .
0	He called a friend to pick him up .	He could n't find his car keys anywhere .
1	Katie was getting nervous because she lost her puppy .	She looked everywhere for it .
1	I went to the zoo .	I saw some monkeys .
1	Jim 's bank account was low .	He did not know why .
1	He went to Starbucks and log on craigslist to buy a used car .	He met Trecce Cio who showed him a 2004 Mitsubishi Eclipse .
0	He got a soda and nachos .	Sam was at a basketball game .
1	The shoes were too small , so he put them in a box .	Bob took the box to a charity and donated the shoes .
0	The teacher expressed her disappointment in Nell .	Nell did the exercises half-heartedly .
0	Pete offered to help him up .	Dan slipped and fell down to the ground very hard .
1	When I was walking outside , I saw her .	She was with another friend .
1	Her friends joined .	They got the sticks and stones together .
0	He set it up in his basement .	Joey bought a drum set .
1	Sam bought his first ever baseball glove .	He was so proud he ran straight home to show his parents .
0	Sam believes that he is protected by the blanket and he sleeps well .	So Dad gives him a blanket and tells him that it 's a magic blanket .
0	Ray smiled and tried to start a conversation .	Amy took her seat in class next to Ray like any other day .
0	Christian turned his homework into the teacher the next day .	Christian went upstairs , sat at his desk , and worked on his homework .
1	Over time , I grew and improved .	By the time I was 15 Year 's old I could play Beethoven .
0	I am happy I got to talk to him at all !	He smiled and did n't seem to be upset .
1	I love going to concerts and have always wanted to crowd surf .	Two years ago my boyfriend and I attended and EDM concert .
0	She chose a pretty pink nail polish .	Kayla went for a manicure .
1	Allison picked up the phone .	She went to the store to get it repaired .
1	He spoke to the press about quitting writing and then went home .	Mike went home and decided to try to do something else .
0	She was riding her favorite bicycle .	Kelly was on her way home from school .
1	Blue was happy to see her when she got home .	And the two enjoyed their meal .
1	Joe was on the beach with some friends .	Down the beach the sea oats were on fire .
1	The rent money was due last week .	We did n't have it in time .
1	He slept so long on Sunday night that he slept through his monday job .	While he slept , he dreamed about being rich .
1	The other is telling silly stories .	In the end we all get fed and enjoy our time together !
1	He found out he could rent movies for free at his local library .	Lee got to view new movies on a weekly basis for free .
0	After the move , Matt 's fears turned out to be unwarranted .	He wondered if he 'd be able to make new friends , or keep his old ones .
1	Pedro went to feed his dog , Rufus but could n't find him anywhere .	He looked all over the house and in the yard and asked his parents .
0	She had to spit it out in the sink !	But then a frown appeared on her face .
0	Suddenly , a fight broke out between some of the guys .	He was in the waiting room with some other auditioners .
0	She had made some cookies .	I went to my friend 's house .
1	Tom married a woman who was deaf and could not hear his singing .	His wife and all of her friends found no problem with Tom
1	He decided to save his money until he had $ 100 .	He saved his money for ten weeks .
0	Missy wins the game .	she is nervous about it .
0	It was further than she liked , but Amy was happy to have a job .	Finally she heard back from a grocery store in the suburbs .
1	After she washed the dishes , she drained the water .	When the sink was empty she realized it was coated in mold .
0	I was happy that I no longer had to fear her .	The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison .
0	As well as shoes he found something big and fluffy .	It was time to clean his room so he looked under it .
1	My greyhound 's ears perked right up and he stared down at the track .	The race began and that hound was determined to run one more race .
1	I was walking by the river .	I saw a turtle with an injured leg .
0	When I got home , I ate real well !	I bought all the items to make it .
0	There were only 2 classes left for the day .	Gina was finally done enrolling in high school .
1	But one evening she learned a hard lesson .	She typed her name in Google to see if her facebook showed up .
0	She turned another year older .	Yesterday was my mom 's birthday .
1	She went to Paris .	There , she saw all of the most famous sites .
1	Her mom encouraged her to go .	She ended up going .
0	I was taught to be careful of rattlesnakes and scorpions .	In the desert of New Mexico there are lots of nasty critters .
0	He started getting a following .	Sam was running for president .
1	The game was tied at 80	Joey 's team called a timeout to discuss the play
0	The bag was not closed properly and cans went flying everywhere .	She had jumped onto a bag of aluminum cans I was saving for recycling .
0	So Bob tells the entire school that Bill wet his bed until he was six .	Bill and his brother Bob have a huge fight .
1	Suddenly , he awoke to a cry .	He looked on the ground and saw that the baby had fallen .
0	I said we could throw the lists outside and the wind would mail them .	It was already Christmas Eve and it was too late to mail them .
0	He was riding in a jeep in a field full of zebras .	Zack went on an African safari trip .
0	Terri went home to install her new speakers .	She found brand new speakers for a very cheap price .
1	She was agitated by the upcoming meeting at company headquarters .	Once aloft , the plane was rocked by severe turbulence , causing panic .
0	She was hoping that it would last a day or two more .	Lila was running low on infant formula .
1	The teacher told the class to start their persuasive Essay .	Diana was able to write an outline for her essay after 10 minutes .
0	Until she once met a man who used her .	She was ungrateful to say the least .
0	He had been studying for weeks .	He had a big exam in biology coming up .
0	A year later I forgot about the plan entirely .	I got so busy with work that the plan was neglected .
1	Tom was a mountaineer .	He needed to purchase new gear .
1	Mary hated math when she was younger .	She could not grasp different math concepts .
1	The first day of ninth grade Tina had to introduce herself in class .	Tina introduced herself and said the teacher already knew her .
0	He said that he would bring me some shells from the beach .	He said in about four days .
0	He had been working on the spreadsheets for a few hours .	Max was working on an important work project .
0	Kim called off the wedding .	She found lipstick on his shirt .
0	I realized that weightlifting was not the sport for me .	I had to spend six months in a rehabilitative facility .
0	It had found a safe home of sorts before time ran out .	As it entered it , she realized what was going on .
1	It was my turn and I rode the roller coaster .	The roller coaster ended up being disappointing and not scary at all .
0	By the end of the game , Monica 's team won in pride .	The girls dribbed the ball around and scored in the opposite goal .
1	The cookies came out just like I remember .	The smell of the cookies reminded me of my childhood .
0	She signed her up for some lessons .	Her mom wanted her to feel confident .
1	Kevin was a father who did n't get a chance to see his daughter often .	One day he had time off and went to visit her in the country .
0	She finally narrowed it down and texted pictures to her mom .	They had fun trying on dresses but she could n't decide on one .
0	He visits the Eiffel tower .	He has never been there before .
1	Neil took a bus trip to the ancient site of Pompeii .	There , he saw the ancient ruins .
1	It had been closed for health code violations .	Now Stanley eats hamburgers every Wednesday .
1	Unfortunately , I noticed that the entire pizza is tough and stale .	Luckily , I received a refund on the purchase .
1	Matt and Sarah were pregnant .	They wanted to announce it in a fun way .
1	The other girl protested and told her to let it go .	They argued over the frog for a minute .
0	They especially loved going to bizarre places to try weird foods .	Michelle and Julia loved going out to eat .
0	Heather took him to the vet right away .	His eyes began to swell .
0	Embarrassed , he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on .	He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work .
0	One day , a new boy started going to Amy 's school .	Amy was well known and liked at her elementary school .
1	Deb enrolled in her first tournament ever after two months .	She walked away with the second place trophy .
0	She sneered at us for being such worrying wussies .	Carol mocked us for how silly we looked in our safety gear .
0	It is a plastic camera that uses 35mm film .	My daughter bought me a Holga camera for Christmas .
1	We had facials .	We soaked in warm water and stayed in the sauna .
0	Ken oiled the door hinge so it did n't make any noise .	When he got home he took out a can of oil .
1	I was very nervous for it and I wanted to win .	The bus broke down on the way there .
0	Sam found it in the dumpster and put it back up .	One night his roommate drunkenly took it down .
1	The basement level contains the laundry .	One day a neighbor told us he thought he saw a rat near our door .
0	She decided to cut her next class and read in the library .	When it ended , she was n't quite done reading .
0	In order to pass some time , he is planning on taking a nap .	He has never been out of the country before so he 's quite nervous .
0	The tarantula was nowhere to be found after the fire .	They lost almost everything , but found the plastic case undamaged .
0	The TV broken in a million pieces .	As he was watching the football game his dog knocked over his TV .
1	He realized that he was supposed to study for an exam tomorrow .	He tried to but ended up falling asleep .
0	Then , she came out of the bathroom and he sighed with relief .	He was starting to get worried as he could n't find her .
1	Guy saw that the boat needed major work to make it seaworthy .	He took notes of all of the problems on the boat .
1	Ellen received a beautiful , helium-filled balloon for her birthday .	While getting in the car , it accidentally slipped out of her hands .
1	Kelly decided to be adventurous .	She decide to take the training wheels off her bike .
1	Jen walked out of the mall only to find her car was gone .	She looked around frantically .
1	Sally was excited to be a big sister .	She told he mom she would help babysit .
1	Tomas is the oldest of a family of eight siblings .	His father taught him from an early age that working hard is important
1	One of the wheels hit the pebble and threw Bill into the air .	He ended up chipping a tooth that day .
0	Sal begged her mommy to quit smoking .	Then one day her little daughter Sal approached her .
1	She threw frisbee with him one day .	She threw it as hard as she could .
1	Tyler was flunking out of college .	One day he decided that he was going to study all day .
0	She smashed the piano keys with her hands and broke a finger .	Mary went home and began playing but still had trouble .
1	They agreed upon a sum of money and hired him .	They all left the bar together and headed to the aircraft .
0	There was nothing she could do to occupy her time .	There were no magazines in this room .
0	She looked all over town trying to find it .	However this morning she lost track of it .
0	Tommy is going to be so excited when he opens it on Christmas morning !	His parents discussed it and decided to buy him the game .
1	I tried to turn her sweet tank into a shark tank .	To my shagrin , all the shark died and were eaten by the sweet fish .
1	I decided to go to the fruit market .	I saw a kiwi .
1	The teacher made a message to the class .	He announced that today is the final day to drop any classes .
0	The large jackpot was a million , and she did n't get it .	She watched the drawings on TV that night , excited .
1	Jack really wanted to open a restaurant .	He mortgaged his house in order to start a burger joint .
0	My Dad suggested asking a nearby food bank if they need volunteers .	I was n't sure how to approach the task .
1	On the highway about halfway there , his tire blew on his car .	A passerby stopped to give him a ride to the nearest gas station .
0	He went to the clinic to get one to keep himself safe .	He could n't remember the last time he had a tetanus shot .
0	The kids were crying , and screaming by the time the police arrived .	There was a fight between two large families at the park .
0	As soon as I turned away to pick up my napkin , someone ran .	I began to eat my meal at the restaurant .
1	Niall was excited momentarily , but grew suspicious .	The man showed Niall his badge , he was a policeman .
0	She was wary of my request but she obliged .	I asked the hairdresser to cut my hair any way she liked .
0	She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect .	Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman .
0	She has put small items under some of the legs .	She has placed it in different places .
0	The clerk helped him decide .	He went to a phone store .
1	In the morning people believe the doctored signage .	The teen laughed at the many car accidents that day .
1	The man began singing and calmed down .	He learned a new relaxation technique .
0	Then , Wendy heard laughter as she ran straight to third base .	She surprised herself by hitting the ball when her turn at bat came .
0	Rich stepped out onto the ice .	We crunched through the snow to a pond .
1	She asked her mom if they could go to her favorite restaurant .	Her mother agreed they should go out to eat to celebrate .
1	While they were boiling she went to shower .	When she returned she had eggs exploded all over her kitchen .
0	Meisha went to the comedy club and felt very prepared .	Meisha 's husband encouraged her and practiced with her everyday .
0	His skills impressed many people on the street every day .	Jacob was a street performer who used a plastic bucket as a drum .
1	He call his friend to help him .	Together they were able to put the dresser together properly .
0	As each day goes by I get more and more nervous .	I have to have surgery on Monday , which is five days away .
1	He called Danny back .	He asked him to pick up some wine too .
1	Scheana and Shay were highschool sweethearts .	Shay proposed to Scheana after two years of dating .
1	I competed in many tournaments .	However I would only get fifth place .
0	John knocked the bounty hunter out and made his escape .	Benji leapt at the bounty hunter and pinned him to the ground .
1	She won every game .	One day she faced Jill .
0	He found a perfect one for a cheap price .	He decided to go to a computer store at the side of town .
0	I waited patiently for my name to be called .	I walked into the lobby of the small practice .
1	The fire alarm rang and the students cheered .	Everyone lined up by the door .
1	They had fun trying on dresses but she could n't decide on one .	She finally narrowed it down and texted pictures to her mom .
1	I was using my laptop one day to do work .	I began to get thirsty so I got up for water .
1	We had a great time eating the cookies .	There was one cookie left .
1	She needed a bouquet , fast !	Her neighbor offered Sara roses from his garden .
1	Most people are born with two but someone decided you only get one .	Sleep little sister knowing that everything was done for you this day .
0	Sam died of dehydration .	Unfortunately , he was in a desert so there was no water .
0	He was nervous but did well .	Today was their big day .
0	A girl asked me to join her in a cab .	I went out one night while staying at a hostel in Miami .
0	Amy 's father was furious he had to bring her gas .	On the way her car ran out of gas .
1	I went to start my car last friday .	My car would n't turn over .
1	The peanut butter was in powdered form so she just added water .	As she began to taste it , her taste buds exploded .
1	She also started to speak with vulgar language .	Although it was a surprise , Gary was speechless .
0	He talks to his parents about the situation .	Jacob is being bullied in school by Derek .
1	While taking notes , my eyes began to close .	As much as I resisted , I ended up falling asleep .
1	Instead of hitting the ball , she threw the bat .	The audience had to move to the side to avoid the hit .
1	Tara made plans on going to the store for some .	She wrote it down on a list so they would n't forget .
0	We went shopping on the boardwalk .	I took a trip with my daughter to Atlantic City .
1	Max brought him his dinner and his grandpa was n't responding .	He waited to see Max before passing away and Max knew that .
1	Phil wanted to run a marathon .	Phil tried to run to prepare for the race .
1	The woman was speeding on the highway .	It got time for her to get to her exit .
0	John was sad to find the barrel empty .	The rescue dog arrived soon after .
1	They start jumping and rolling around in euphoria .	I made the decision never to use Q Tips
0	Johnny was proud that he did the right thing .	When he got home he paid the taxi driver $ 20 .
1	Jordan woke up to her electricity shutting off .	She panicked and called her electric company .
1	He looked online for more job opportunities .	He could n't find a job that would meet his demands .
0	He worked full time while his friends were out enjoying the summer .	Brian worked hard all summer during his break .
1	Sam was irritated at her sister .	She yelled for her sister to be quiet while she was on the phone .
0	She was doing her stretches in the floor beside the bed .	Jane was using her sister 's TV to try out a new yoga DVD .
1	Jane misfired accidentally .	She shot her dad in the chest .
1	Finally , I found out my dog buried her bone in the laundry hamper .	She is no longer allowed in the bathroom .
1	When they arrived to the place , Janie was disappointed .	The people were offbeat and seemed to not know salsa at all .
1	If he hears the rainy falling he paws at the glass door .	Gus 's owners bought a thundershirt to make Gus calmer on rainy days .
1	She knew that she liked her steaks rare .	Mary cooked the chicken rare .
1	The friend kept distracting her .	Jane wound up running a stop sign .
0	She thought she would n't do well .	Becky was nervous for her test .
0	He did everything his coach told him to do .	He practiced hard every day .
0	A bald eagle flew over the top of us while we were there .	My husband and I went to a park by Puget Sound yesterday .
1	Joanna was walking down the street after finishing school .	She was happy to be going home after finishing school .
0	I kept my keys and my cellphone in my pockets .	My friends and I arrived at the gym at 4 o'clock .
1	Jane was going to her job .	When she came across an exit , there was a construction sign .
0	She made them scrambled instead .	Jane did n't want to waste the eggs .
1	She appealed to the Syrian rebels for help .	The Syrian rebels found her son in a Daesh camp .
1	Down the sidewalk he went as fast as he could .	Ben did n't see the large branch in the way .
0	She needed to cover up before she caught a cold .	Becky was shivering from the cold air .
0	He could n't decide whether he wanted bacon or sausage .	Jimmy went to the local diner to get some breakfast .
0	Alex made it to her graduation just in time .	After searching the attic for a few minutes , they found the gown .
0	I thought about that for a few moments and decided on a sandwich .	She asked me if I preferred an omelette or a sandwich .
1	He was wearing a hat .	A strong gust blew his hat off .
1	Jane had nightmares for a week .	Jane promised she would listen to her mom from then on .
0	Bill 's pot was blown right off his burner .	The wind began to blow .
0	Now Paul is very happy and is his own boss !	Soon things picked up for the store and Paul was making a profit .
1	Carly and her family lost all of their belongings and their home .	Carly 's family decided to move away .
1	Linda does not know that , so she keeps loading pictures up .	Now everyone is sick of Linda on the internet , and she is sad .
1	She boiled her chicken and added veggies .	When the soup was done , she tasted it .
0	She ran and grabbed some gas and coated the snake .	A woman who was afraid of snakes saw one outside her house .
1	It was now 11 PM , and she and her siblings were hungry .	They searched the fridge for something to eat .
1	She was heartbroken and very worried .	Luckily her dad found it , and Delilah was thrilled to be reunited .
0	However , the contest judges did not appreciate her skills .	The audience loudly applauded throughout her act .
1	The quarterback called for a passing play .	With only seconds left in the game , the quarterback threw a long pass .
0	I made sure I had all the ingredients .	I decided to make a cake to surprise my husband .
0	He searched up and down the aisles , hoping the book was in the store .	He knew the book was not easy to find , but he had tried everywhere .
1	He practiced very hard for a few weeks .	Finally he was a terrific poker player .
1	In total , there were four new bills that arrived that day .	She got out her spreadsheet to make sense of the finances .
0	When they got home , she threw up and felt a lot better .	Zach took her home , thinking she was sick .
1	She went to the shelter , but none of them seemed right .	Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room .
0	She confused me with another student .	She was mistaken .
1	In fact , her kitten has dug her way into the bag for them .	So , Maggie put them up in the highest cupboard .
0	Late at night , a plane arrived from Mexico with a very sick passenger .	Bob is a worker in the CDC .
1	The other day I texted her with an anecdote that reminded me of her .	She responded by telling me she hated me because I do n't contact her .
1	The iPod was dead , and it did n't look like he could fix it .	Jack was so frustrated that he threw the iPod away .
0	He was pulled over by a policeman for going over the speed limit .	He was always driving over the speed limit .
0	It was his best Christmas ever .	And got a ham instead for the first time .
1	She was happy with the purchase .	She used it immediately .
0	Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes !	But she noticed something strange .
1	Someone came in to rob him .	He gave them all the beer in stock .
1	To eat his pasta he used a knife instead .	He brought the knife to his mouth and pasta slipped off .
0	But the deck was too hot to lay in .	Mary wanted to spend a day by the pool .
0	He asked his mom but she said he 'd have to work first .	Cameron wanted some money for the movies .
0	Ben 's parents spent months looking for her .	Ben 's older sister ran away from home .
1	She surprised herself by hitting the ball when her turn at bat came .	Then , Wendy heard laughter as she ran straight to third base .
0	At the end of her shift , her manager praised her work .	That Friday , she worked as hard as she could .
1	Zach walked into the store .	He saw the wet spot on the floor .
0	He decided to keep one and give the rest away .	It turned out that his dog had been pregnant .
0	He thought it was the best concert ever .	Rich sang along to every song .
0	Her dad bought her a chocolate ice cream cone .	She asked her dad to take her to the ice cream stand .
1	Barry played with him for a bit to make sure he liked him .	Barry then bought the cat and took him home .
1	Then , he dumped a handful of pine needles in .	His wife turned on the outside porch light and rolled her eyes at him .
0	They hiked every summer .	The Johnson family loved to go hiking .
0	Tina offered to pay for the meal .	The waitress came to our table with the bill .
1	She hurried to brush her teeth as soon as she arrived home .	Ida vowed never to forget to brush again !
1	She immediately froze and was speechless since this happened .	However , she declined since she wanted to focus more on her career .
1	He opened his eyes and saw the sky .	He had missed and got knocked out .
1	Ben had a spat with his best friend .	They did not speak for weeks .
1	Kelly and her friends decided to go for a drive .	The girls wanted to see the town .
0	The girls were having fun when Ramona felt something .	Ramona was in her house with her friends having a party .
1	All day , she could n't find a single thing she thought he 'd like .	Finally , she saw the perfect gift .
0	One day , I decided to research them more in depth .	I donated to a charity for three years .
1	They said they wanted to try something daring .	They all ordered octopus tentacles !
1	3 Days felt like an eternity .	But Gina had no choice , so she was forced to wait .
0	He was also well aware the cat was sleeping in the corner .	The mouse spotted crumbs on the kitchen floor .
1	So he quickly marries his best friend .	When he gets the money they get divorced .
0	But after she got out of the shower , she began sweating .	It made her feel clean and refreshed .
0	She got on stage and gave it her all .	She was ready , but very nervous .
1	However , she did n't have the money to get her hair done .	The day of prom , she decided to do her own hair .
0	Both of them started to cry when they saw each other .	Sandy met her daughter at the airport .
1	She walked up and down stairs in them .	When the time came , She walked across the stage .
1	Stacy felt unhappy with her lot in life .	She surely deserved more praise for all she did .
0	But one day another student mocked him on the playground .	Jim was a very quiet boy .
1	I began to cry because my friend was laughing at me .	A nice lady came and took the stinger out of my butt .
1	One was a little pink dress and the other was a pair of overalls .	She chose the pink dress and wore her brand new outfit the same day .
0	I researched the phenomenon and learned it 's called Supercooling .	I shook the bottle and the water immediately crystallized to ice .
1	Jim went with his 8-year-old son .	He bought concessions and went to his seat .
0	She decided to invest her money into the stock market .	Sammy had recently inherited a large sum of money .
1	She tried her best to win the contest .	Fiona got first place .
0	His parent were worried about how he was moping around .	Gavin was very sad when his best friend moved away .
1	Rebecca realizes that she has gained weight .	She decides to stop eating carbohydrates .
1	He made sure his last dish was his greatest .	When the judges came to judge they chose Ronnie .
1	They argued until they were kicked out of the store .	They decided to try fast food , instead .
1	She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do .	She had such a great time and ca n't wait to do it again !
1	He could n't go to the store until he shoveled his driveway , though .	Steven called his neighbor , and she brought him a shovel .
0	The family packed their car and got on the road .	The announcer said her town had to evacuate .
1	Marvin had a date with his girlfriend .	When it was time to go he could n't find his phone .
0	She had only intended to purchase one .	Gina was carrying three gallons of water in a handbasket .
0	While walking around , she wandered away from her mother .	She was excited for the trip and looked forward to browsing the shops .
1	My doctor told me to start applying lotion every morning .	I followed his advice and my hands healed .
1	She wore her lovely dress .	Then she took her communion .
1	He made socks for each of his siblings .	They were so happy to receive the socks .
1	She planned to cash in the pennies when the jug was full .	One day , the jug could hold no more pennies .
1	Chris always loved to paint .	Her school was having a carnival .
0	She did n't have a hard time with it , she just hated it .	Lois hated math .
0	He went out every morning .	Jake loved jogging .
0	I got up to find a snack .	I suddenly felt very hungry .
0	He waved them over to pass him .	A car came up and started tailgating him .
1	He was always a starter on the team .	He challenged one of his friends to a scrimmage .
0	He mixed egg tempera paints with egg yolks .	Ed wanted to paint .
0	Tia smiled , grateful for her kind neighbor !	Tia 's neighbor handed her some mail that had been wrongly delivered .
0	She signed up for a class to learn German .	She picked Germany to study first .
1	I went to a doctor and had an appointment .	They gave me some local anesthetics .
1	Kelly got a balloon at the dentist yesterday .	It was red and round .
1	Will went to his house to check on him .	Jack had an adventure go wrong by falling down a hill with Jill .
1	Jay lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms .	The storms could be pretty bad , leaving roads impassable .
0	They decided to adopt a girl .	They already had 5 boys so a girl would be a nice change of pace .
1	All of the book stores were selling them for over a hundred dollars .	Finally yesterday I saw a book on Amazon for four dollars .
0	Then , she read about a cool method .	For a long time , she was having a hard time picking anything up .
0	He told her to take the first shot and she did .	The instructor gave Lina an arrow .
0	Eventually he asked his friends for help .	He applied for many jobs but had no responses .
0	After choosing which store to shop from , I quickly got out of my car .	Yesterday , I needed to buy a belt so I went to the mall .
1	She decides she needs to abort .	She goes through with it .
1	Ally felt a little uneasy going to the dance in a homemade dress .	A number of the girls at the dance commented how pretty it was .
1	A terror group began to close in on their town , worrying Richard .	Richard and his family decided to abandon the site and fled .
1	When he opened the milk a foul odor filled the room .	Ken checked the expiration date on the gallon .
0	We watched tv and ate some pizza .	I showed up and we went inside and had a beer .
1	He is charming but looks nothing like his photos .	Hannah asks for the check and leaves the date fast .
1	Then , he realized that his phone was in his pocket .	He checked it but it was completely broken .
1	However , one day , Juanita became lost in a new city .	She wished she had a smartphone with a map .
1	Arthur decided he wanted to make tea .	First , he set the kettle on to boil .
0	The other person became mad and punched Ross .	He also tried to skip another person in front of him .
1	Amy went on a road trip to Georgia .	She was going to apply for custody of her son .
1	Tony has been feeling really tired and dizzy lately .	He 'll be at work and then all of a sudden he 'll need to sit down .
1	He had a tray by the door for them and they were n't there .	Cal searched everywhere , looking in all the obvious places .
0	June loved to skate , but their mom could n't afford the pricey skates .	Candy knew her baby sister June wanted ice skates .
1	His daughter called him from college to say her car was broke down .	Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car .
0	She decided to make herself a sandwich .	She went to the kitchen to look for something to eat .
1	Suddenly , all of the lights turned on and confetti flew everywhere .	My coworkers through a surprise party for my birthday .
1	Jeff had lived in an apartment all his life .	He had finally bought a house to move into .
1	Jeff called his insurance company to file a claim .	He waited 30 minutes for a person to speak with .
0	He tried several names but they were all taken .	Darrin wanted to start a record label but did n't know what to call it .
0	The dog would bark and scratch him .	The dog did not seem to like Tom .
0	Dave cursed loudly and punched the phone .	By the time he got to the phone it stopped .
0	Her name was lily .	Luckily she made a friend the first day .
0	The other girls made fun of her .	She was awkward , and tripped over her feet .
1	Jim could not get the computer to work .	No matter what he tried , nothing would come up on the monitor .
0	Vicky eats a delicious stack of pancakes .	They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning .
1	His wife was upset over it .	When he got home she was asleep .
1	Then the dentist said he could not help her yet .	First she had to remove all her tongue rings .
1	Jessica was concerned about her appearance .	She did not like her brown eyes .
0	The entire wedding party practiced for months working on a flash mob .	He had a special surprise planned for the big day .
0	The boy explained that he just broke up with his girl and was sad	The boys friend came up to him to see what 's up .
1	Gina could see cars waiting at the stop sign as she drove past .	It was a snowy rush hour so they were backed up .
1	Jill really wanted to ride it .	Her mother gave her a dollar so she could get on it .
0	In the final seconds , Michigan 's quarterback threw a huge pass .	Texas was leading the entire 4th quarter .
1	Driving there , we decided to spend the day hiking .	After selecting a trail that was good , we set off !
1	Claudia was taking a picture .	She set up up the objects she was photographing carefully .
0	They both had food poisoning .	The next morning they both felt very sick .
0	Her big brother put candles on her cake .	Jill was celebrating her 6th birthday .
1	June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter .	She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items .
1	They made some red jello in a strawberry mold .	When it was done it looked great .
1	Al was the scrawniest guy in his gym class , and was always teased .	He was n't good at most of the things they did in gym class .
1	Lucy worked hard and lost a lot of weight this year .	It was time to shop for a bathing suit .
1	They told him no .	When he opened his present , he was surprised with a laptop .
1	Today she was asked by the cute guy Peter from chemistry class .	She could not wait to go with him .
0	She went inside and explained her predicament .	Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help .
0	He should n't drive after drinking so he does n't plan to stay long .	Jason decides to stop by the bar on the way home from work .
1	The DJ agreed to play the song at the time Amy requested .	Amy danced next to Beth so she could see her reaction .
0	He went home and cooked the meal as best as he could .	Jason went to the store and bought ingredients .
1	His friend Richard invited him to play a game .	They played for hours .
1	Susie loves to take a bubble bath .	She fills the tub up with hot water .
1	This morning his hands were cold .	He crawled into bed with us .
0	I saw a racoon .	I was walking around at night .
0	They saw the fire truck .	They talked to the firefighters .
1	His pants got a tear in them .	He cut off the bottoms to make his pants into shorts .
0	Erica was nervously practicing her song hours before the show .	It was the day of the talent show .
0	It relaxed her and put her in a good mood .	They drank and hand fun .
1	Will was driving to his college .	But someone behind him kept honking .
0	The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny .	Andrew decided to talk to her .
0	He started to read it but then quickly forgot about it .	Ethan checked out a book from the library .
1	Keri 's cousin invited her to the farm to see her new kittens .	When Keri got there , her cousin took her to the barn .
1	Then a dye pack exploded in his face !	Joe was angry and upset .
0	He noticed a few gnats flying around .	Sean was in his kitchen .
1	They asked for hot chocolate , but the container of cocoa was empty .	Then they requested soda , but she insisted her guest deserved better .
1	He wanted to lose the weight .	He worked out everyday for an hour .
0	He observed it fall from the wall onto the ground .	A nearby student was walking from class when he saw the caterpillar .
1	She was nervous about it .	The morning of the test , she trembled with fear .
0	The old man went on vacation to his destination .	The old man looked at a map and picked a destination .
0	He was rude .	Gina 's crush sat behind her in class .
0	Jason went outside and used his telescope to look at the stars .	Jason wanted until it was night .
0	He took notes of all of the problems on the boat .	Guy saw that the boat needed major work to make it seaworthy .
1	Ivan said it was his birthday .	And the waiter gave him a free ice cream .
0	They had arranged to visit ten different local wineries .	Becca was going on a tour with her husband .
1	On Monday my wife bought an Easter basket for our granddaughter .	We live in Boston and she lives in NYC .
1	He noticed some chirping noises coming from a tree .	He found some baby birds that fell out of a nest .
0	When she got out , she saw that her hair was very greasy .	She put a healthy amount in her hair and then showered .
0	Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream ball and shook it .	It was a ball that would make ice cream when you shook it !
0	She rushed to the convenience store and bought dozens of tickets .	Jill was n't much of a gambler , but thought it was to good to pass up .
0	She thought she could go out to the deeper end by herself .	Jenna was at the community pool with her family .
1	Lynn loved watching the traffic outside her window .	But her mom was upset , claiming Lynn wasted time daydreaming .
1	Bob loved all the great new music !	He wrote down the names of the bands to remember them .
0	Tom abandons his job at the middle of his shift .	Tom has a panic attack .
0	She hopes to land some interviews soon .	She has applied to many jobs in other fields over the past week .
1	Bob eventually bought a special computer program to teach him math .	Bob definitely became more proficient in math .
1	They passed by another dog who was playing fetch with it 's owner .	Anna 's dog seemed very attracted to the ball .
1	But Karen , ignoring their cruelty , worked hard .	She gained entry into a prestigious dance school .
0	Frank suddenly realized he had a date that night .	He got a call from his girlfriend , asking where he was .
0	After an hour or so , a towing vehicle arrived to help Frank .	Frank picked up his phone and called for help .
0	She came into her house but did n't take her shoes off .	On the way home from school , Anna stepped in a puddle .
0	She still used the mitt her father got her .	Eventually she made her high school team .
1	He called his dentist immediately for an appointment .	With his dentist 's recommendation , he took some ibuprofen .
0	Mike was n't given a new burger and he left .	So he told the waiter about it .
0	One day the horse was sick .	He rode it everyday .
0	Sally bought the puppy and brought it home .	Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked .
0	Sandy was intrigued to find out who the flowers were from .	Sandy arrived to work to meet a bouquet of red roses on her desk .
0	Her mother told her to go check on her bed .	She opened all the gifts but there was no doll .
0	Today I decided I was going to use two gift cards .	I am a very indecisive shopper so I am a little stressed .
1	He felt it tasted too plain .	He had an idea .
1	She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed .	Someone called the front desk for help .
0	An attractive woman sat down to use the machine next to him .	A man was working out at the gym .
0	I was embarrassed and always double check my dates now .	The receptionist looked at me and told me I was there a day early .
0	Afterwards , I walked to work slowly even though I was late .	He gave me a ticket for jaywalking .
1	She went home to get started on the project .	Betty 's mom was proud that she did n't ask for any help .
1	We continued to argue to several more minutes .	On the bright side , we made an agreement .
0	Tom was a computer science major .	Tom was a college student .
1	As the officer approached , Dan simmered , preparing for an argument .	The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off .
1	The game was tied when Dan shot the last basket hoping to make it .	The team won by two points and went on to state finals .
1	Matthew really wanted to have a play-date with Will .	His mom said it was okay as long as Will 's mom approved .
1	Mike was graduating high school later in the day .	He was very anxious , so he thought about skipping .
0	His grades began to plummet .	Billy hates doing homework .
1	I plugged it in to start using it and it popped .	As it popped , smoke came out .
1	Finally the first firework exploded into the air .	She was surprised at how loud it was !
0	They played four games , and Max lost all four of them .	His brother had never played before either .
0	At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim .	Dylan , the point guard , dribbled it up the court .
0	On the way , he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back .	Gerry was walking to work .
0	His basketball team went on to winning the nationals .	He practiced every day as hard as he could , year after year .
1	So he decided to order something to go .	Fred was annoyed how long the wait was .
0	Eventually Ivan realized he was still doing his job , just differently .	The dog often chased Ivan around the house , trying to bite him .
1	For a while she wondered what she could use the yellow paint on .	She decided to paint the shutters of her home yellow .
0	Janet convinced 3 other people to come with her .	She got on her phone to invite some people .
0	After some thought , she made an appointment with the dermatologist .	One of her friends suggested that she see a dermatologist .
0	Therefore , everyone had to pack up and leave the place .	Our belongings and food were blown away completely .
0	Jane and Tom both had a great time .	They went and had dinner and went to a movie .
0	It was Tim !	The next week the winner is announced .
1	The bacteria were then examined in a microscope .	The bacteria was non harmful .
1	On the way , a cat ran in front of his car .	Jeff slammed on the breaks .
1	Sara had a beautiful princess costume for Halloween .	She was excited to wear the costume to her school party .
1	He studied the music daily .	Soon he was a very talented pianist !
1	She bought specialty croissant doughnuts from Dunkin Donuts .	They are filled with chocolate .
1	They ended up liking each other .	He got her number .
1	Jan 's house was a mess .	She knew she should start cleaning by washing the dishes .
1	She wondered where Gina was going .	But Gina did n't want to tell Tami and seem like a silly little girl .
0	One day Jim noticed people scuttling in and out of the lady 's door .	Jim 's neighbor was an older lady who had suffered a stroke .
1	Madison decided to approach the girl .	She leaned over and introduced herself , which made the girl happy .
0	Henry 's visit to the museum proved to be one of his best days ever .	They hopped into the car and drove to the museum .
0	Everyone else was in a deep sleep .	Her mother was awake , and her dad was driving .
1	He friends played to rough for him .	They often hurt him by tackling him .
0	So Brandon posted a song and asked the executive for a chance .	On facebook , a record company executive said it 's a lack of talent .
0	The liberals were coming for their chainsaws .	The men fortified the doors and windows against the onslaught .
1	At her local store there were no Kaboom on the shelf .	She inquired with the manager when the would be back .
0	I 've been experimenting with weirdly shaped wicks .	I have big vats I used to melt the wax .
0	Davis decides that fishing is more fun than he thought .	He catches a mighty sea bass on his first try .
1	He went to his closet to get his favorite vacuum .	Billy got so into vacuuming that he lost track of time .
1	One year , his team made it to the state championships .	However , Tom could not make it .
0	Most days he enjoyed simply sitting in silence .	Ron hated music and thought it was all annoying noise .
0	Soon enough , he adjusted to the vegetarian diet and loved it !	At first , he found it hard to eat wholesome meals without meat .
1	Janet was cold and scared , but then she remembered a secret .	Her mom had hidden a spare key under the flowerpot on the porch !
0	Amy had to stand on an overcrowded bus 20 minutes to get home .	There were only a few buses so they were all packed .
0	He loved bacon .	Bogart lived on a farm .
1	Jerry really loves baseball , but he ca n't decide where to play .	He really loves first base , but is also good at pitching .
0	Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike .	He went to the store to get his bike .
1	She woke up 20 minutes later than usual .	Emma hurried to get dressed and eat .
1	He called the cops on him .	As a result , he got arrested .
1	She decided to go back to the store .	There , she was able to pick up some corn .
1	She hopped in a cab only to find someone else was already in it !	The other passenger agreed to drop Susan off first .
1	She decides that she should become a carpenter .	She finds a local carpenter who allows her to be an apprentice .
1	Instead of hitting the ball , he smacked my head .	I felt dizzy and started to run away .
0	It became a date and they had a wonderful evening .	When he sent out the invites , only one person said they could make it .
1	Water spills all over the keyboard .	Matthew looses computer privileges for a month .
0	In a month 's time the boys could recite their alphabet on their own .	She began practicing it with them everyday for hours .
1	She had to walk down the street to pick it up .	Inside , she gave them her order number .
1	He never used it .	He sold it online for less than he paid for it .
0	Every weekend he eats at different types of restaurants .	Benzi attends school in New York City .
0	She disciplined her son more than other kids around him .	Like Mildred showed , Anita gave nice things to everyone but her son .
1	Meghan rode the bus to a class trip to the strawberry farm .	She toured the fields .
1	When we returned we found the wrapper strewn all over the house .	We also found our pet pug looking very guilty , and sick .
0	Dan decides to stay at home to write .	He notices that he spends a lot of money on coffee .
0	SHe fell down .	She got pushed by a big man beside her .
1	It had no tag to identify its owner .	He took it home and saw what was on it .
0	He is much happier with his choice now .	He then went out to buy a fake tree instead .
0	After looking around he found it behind a sofa .	He remembered returning it .
0	Jadon worked and worked with him until he got it right .	One day his friend Caden was having a hard time with math .
0	When the wind blew she wished she were in pants .	Gina stood in a black dress , and black stockings at a grave .
0	He studied very hard in college .	Ray wanted to be a doctor .
1	Janice said hi to him and they started talking .	Eventually , the guy went and sat with them and they all ate together .
1	I once had a parrot .	I had a habit of swearing in the absence of my parents .
0	For some reason , the correlation coefficients were wrong .	I was analyzing some data for my statistics project .
0	I had been so afraid I had gotten an F .	After they were graded , my sociology professor told us our grades .
1	He received encouragement from friends and family .	He started the race strong .
0	Herb loved him and did n't regret getting him .	But the puppy was so cute .
1	Finally she heard back from a grocery store in the suburbs .	It was further than she liked , but Amy was happy to have a job .
0	Ella loved the dish and Fred learned to keep meals simple for her .	Eventually he tried making her plain macaroni and cheese .
0	He put his lancet in the machine .	He pricked his finger with the lancet and started to bleed .
1	The person ran away from Mike .	Mike laughed at the people he called his snowball peasants .
0	When the arrived home he ran to the DVR to play his show .	He sat patiently at the restaurant waiting to go home .
0	I set up a camera to catch her in the act .	She claims not to but it 's obvious .
0	Tina said yes and soon they started dating each other !	Steve gathered courage and asked Tina to study together that night .
1	She brought Marina in to read to the seniors on her birthday .	Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all !
0	The cops came in and arrested all of them .	An alarm went off and they started to panic .
0	The girls then had to turn on the generator .	Unfortunately they lost power .
0	The kids ended up swimming for nearly 2 hours .	The family ran to check out how nice the water was .
1	Jim 's friend bought him a new book .	Jim was grateful to have a good friend .
0	One day he decided to try and steal some cheese .	Unfortunately , he did n't have any money to buy any cheese .
0	After calling the vet , we took him to get these vaccinations .	Our dog , Brody , needed some vaccinations we realized on Monday .
1	While she was gone , her brother took her seat .	She returned to find him in her seat , and it angered her .
1	He took his robot to the robot to the alley to show off .	The scientist challenged everyone to play against his robot .
0	He spent all day searching for fossils .	He was eager to dig up dinosaur bones !
0	Mike tried to make a tree but it did not look right .	He took out some paint and began to create art .
1	He ended up finding another candidates confidential info .	The team member got caught doing it .
1	Jude waited the one hour and again went to wake up his parents .	They finally left to go to the park later that morning .
1	Being afraid of raccoons , he took a different route home .	It took him ten extra minutes to get back .
1	Lisa was going on her first plane ride to visit some cousins .	She was very nervous about flying in a plane .
0	She yelled at me so loud it hurt my ears .	I do n't know why so I asked her .
1	I prefer songs that have unconventional vocals .	My cousin introduced me to the music of Janis Joplin .
0	He ended up with really short patches .	She gathered all the necessary supplies and chopped away .
1	Gary took a sip of the fruit punched .	He was really happy since it tasted good .
1	Jon was playing outside .	He scraped his knee .
1	Everyone is now leaving to find a hotel .	The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel .
1	Tom was a doctor for ten Year 's .	He made one mistake and was sued .
1	He looked everywhere in the store for it .	Thankfully someone had turned the wallet into lost and found .
1	Suddenly , the boy felt a spark of excitement and elation .	Teixeira was leading the Yankees to victory !
1	One night he called security , reporting a wild bear outside our dorm .	We listened in as the cops asked each other how a bear could be there .
0	John arrived at school and noticed many classes had changed rooms .	John was a student in high school .
1	He munches on his merchandise in front of people .	Kevin forced the FDA to inspect him by doing food processing .
1	Henry noticed that his pond was very messy and needed to be cleaned .	He jumped in and began to retrieve sticks and plants from the water .
0	I went to the big box pet store .	So , I decided to do something about it .
0	The made up and hugged .	They realized that the argument was stupid .
0	He found out that the chicken was burnt .	When he woke up , he ran to the oven .
1	100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game	Joey and Jeff battled it out for the money
1	He read many books and talked with wise people .	He began learning how smart people think and act .
0	Then , they were at a store .	They walked down the road .
1	Kelly had been invited to homecoming !	She was so thrilled , until she realized she could n't afford a dress .
1	He wrote and wrote as fast as he could .	He turned in his test with 30 seconds to spare .
1	Bill was upset to see the steak was overcooked .	Instead of complaining Bill simply ate the steak .
1	The kids were all very excited .	They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art .
0	Amy and Jane eventually talked about a cousin named John .	The girls bonded over things they both liked .
1	She woke shortly thereafter .	She was surrounded by flames !
0	The 100 LSD hits began leaching into his skin .	However , the heat began to make him sweat .
1	She really could not afford them .	Then she tried on her mother 's old wedding dress .
1	Jay added lights to his and painted it bright red .	His neighbors complained that the lights were too bright at night .
0	They were all different shapes and sizes .	The time had come for our family to get a new dog .
0	When he got home she was asleep .	His wife was upset over it .
0	The station said it was their duty to inform the public .	Mr Poke demanded the station stop airing such stories .
0	She did n't see any she liked .	She decided to buy a new one .
1	He heard sirens as he crawled down the hall to his sister 's room .	Together , they escaped the fire and found their relieved parents .
0	Backstage , her older sister helped her do her hair and makeup .	Abbey had a role in a Peter Pan ballet .
1	The elderly lady who lived there was gone .	The plants in the yard , and the grass turned brown and dry .
1	He began to sing his song .	Then he noticed that it was very quiet .
0	I did n't get the shot and I feel fine .	She and my Dad are both sick in bed .
0	She would no longer be a mean girl .	She vowed she would do things nicely from now on .
0	So this story will end with me going to bed . Gooodnight	My fingers are hitting the wrong keys and it makes the task harder .
0	I had to unplug it .	The bread started to burn in the toaster .
1	He felt like a fool .	He decided to do something about it .
0	Wayne 's sister , Wanda killed Joe .	Joe killed Wayne .
0	He moved into an apartment , but lost his job .	In 2000 , he had a midlife crisis and left his wife and kids .
0	He took it home and saw what was on it .	It had no tag to identify its owner .
1	Finally he made a dentist appointment and got the cavity fixed .	Within a day , all his tooth pain was gone .
0	He gave them all tickets for skating in a no skating zone .	They started doing some tricks until a police officer came over .
0	When she returned she had eggs exploded all over her kitchen .	While they were boiling she went to shower .
0	He took it to the office , and they put it in the lost and found .	One day a boy was digging and found a very old pair of glasses .
0	Unfortunately , she developed arthritis as she got older .	Clara used to be a very active person .
0	He begged to have a cup of his own .	Jay watched his dad have coffee every morning .
0	Rene and her bridesmaids went over to Vera Wang to start shopping .	Rene was thrilled to be going wedding dress shopping today .
0	She had lots and lots of drinks during the night .	Aria went out with her friends , dancing and drinking .
1	But it was too late .	Lucy already had a black eye .
0	He could n't afford guitar lessons , but the teacher offered a trade .	Seth was a great painter who wanted to learn to play guitar .
1	For some reason , her gun stopped working .	She tried her best to get it to work again .
0	Still , she hoped !	She did not expect to win .
1	Lisa lost her tooth yesterday .	She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something .
1	She celebrates a holiday called Hanukkah .	We decided to help her celebrate .
0	Jimmy and the bouncer got into an argument .	The bouncer would n't let him in .
1	A mother with her Girl Scout daughter came along .	The mother said that was always their spot and they started arguing .
0	Luckily the girls made it home quickly before it downpoured .	While they were having fun , it started to rain .
1	Then she realized that it was broken .	She ran to the nearest Walmart .
1	Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski down the mountain .	His nephew said that was not possible .
0	He always goes trick or treating .	He made his costume himself .
1	She took a sheet and climbed out of the window .	Marge was free to live her life again .
1	He dressed up and waited eagerly for his daddy at the door .	When his daddy entered , both males cried with joy !
0	She looked through books and magazines to find inspiration .	Alex was asked to paint a picture to put up in gallery .
0	Mark packed up his equipment and went home .	The 50 people who showed up applauded him .
0	A huge jackrabbit was caught , struggling to get out of it .	He ran out to the backyard where he 'd set a trap .
0	He broke my heart more than once .	There is a reason why my X is my X .
0	Josiah took a pass from the teammate and made a basket as time expired	His teammate dribbled towards their basket .
1	Bob is excited when one of his coworkers sets him up on a blind date .	The coworker tells Bob that this girl is perfect for him .
1	When I finished my salad I felt nausea .	I could n't believe how terrible I felt .
1	May was a little hurt when Sadie told her to stop butting in .	But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .
0	Rudy was so honored and proud , he nearly cried !	Then they handed him a certificate saying `` Lifetime Service Award '' .
0	She decides to stop eating carbohydrates .	Rebecca realizes that she has gained weight .
1	She bought an at-home glycolic acid skin peel and applied it .	After an hour , she rinsed it off and checked her skin in the mirror .
0	He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose .	Tom needed to get a bank account .
0	While he was gone , she cleaned out the spare bedroom .	Joan sent her son on a camping trip with the school .
0	Ducking into a store , he put the leather bag in a plastic one .	The jewel thief ran with the cops close on his trail .
1	His cat was just beginning to develop into an adult .	When brad came home from work he screamed when he walked in his house .
0	Everyone celebrated the person 's achievement .	She announced a name .
0	She wanted to learn how to ride a bike .	There once was a girl named Josie .
0	The Syrian rebels found her son in a Daesh camp .	She appealed to the Syrian rebels for help .
0	I asked my son Simon if he could take the dog out .	This morning I had a terrible headache .
0	I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk .	One quick peek confirmed that a skunk was trying to get our food .
0	The concierge then brought the cake upstairs for the girls to enjoy .	Abby and her friends got together in the room and watched a movie .
0	Fabian could n't replicate the same results and lost the game .	Despite her anxiety , she landed a bulls eye .
0	The second time they were there a jaguar escaped its enclosure .	Carla talked Michael into visiting the zoo two times .
1	Cayla finally saw a doctor and explained her problems .	The doctor said Cayla was depressed .
0	Eventually , he taught her how to do it .	His girlfriend was n't a big fan at first .
1	Bob could n't answer the phone while he was showering .	After his shower , he noticed it was a missed call for a job interview .
0	Her mom purchased the same exact curler that was advertised .	Hannah was fascinated from the hair curler advertisement on television
1	Lois hated math .	She did n't have a hard time with it , she just hated it .
0	One of the other girls said the new dress was ugly .	One of the little girl 's got a new dress and showed her friends .
1	I went with an old friend from college .	I thought that I was going to hate it because I do n't like rap .
0	They were drenched by the time the balloon landed .	They had not prepared for this .
1	Cal shivered in a t-shirt as the snow fell on him .	The weather forecast had called for seventy degrees and sunny .
0	He knew this could be one of two things .	Ralph noticed his dog 's start to pace nervously .
0	I ca n't seem to be able to put up more than two hundred pounds .	I have been struggling with my bench press lately though .
0	Getting to field means i get to bat , which is a nice change .	I 've been at third base for the past two weeks .
1	One year she decided to farm lettuce too .	The potatoes grew very well .
0	She decided she would call back later that evening .	On her first call she got no answer .
1	Then , he stumbled upon a cure .	The scientist 's hard work was able to help save many lives .
0	Oswald had to buy new books , more food , and a new backpack .	His books and his lunch spilled out on the ground .
1	Fergie was accepted into dance school .	She ca n't wait to see where her future takes her .
1	There he was poised to make a run for it .	He knew he might get caught , but he did n't care .
0	Jason thinks this is a great idea .	Jason 's girlfriend wants him to grow a beard .
0	Every day he would run inside to tell his mom to call the ambulance .	To him a scrape needed stitches and a bruise was a break .
0	The friends rode the horses from mexico to canada .	The four friends domesticated the mustangs .
1	Peyton 's hair came out uneven and too short on one side .	She left the salon sad , but relieved that it would grow back quickly .
1	Nick got a coat in the mail .	It was not his .
1	A girl introduced herself to me .	I found out that we were born from the same country .
0	At home , she gave him some and he seemed to calm down a bit .	She ran out to the store and bought some medicine .
0	John and I played in the sand .	Mom decided to take us to the beach .
1	She handed the picture to the hairdresser .	The woman cut Jessica 's hair .
0	He opened his bedroom door to see flames across the house .	Max awoke one night to the smell of smoke .
0	He went to the store and bought some milk .	He ran out of milk though .
1	He stepped on an old board and his foot hit a nail .	He had to get a tetanus shot .
0	The reason is Charles did n't list his previous phone job experience .	Frank did n't want to hire Charles as a telemarketer .
0	Tom was scared , but the other man saw him too .	The other man looked exactly like Tom !
1	There was only one problem .	He was afraid of the big slide .
0	Now he looks weird .	He decided to shave it off .
0	He worked at an electronic store .	Tim was a salesman .
1	Rita wanted to go to the park .	It was raining hard .
1	He searched all over on craigslist .	Finally he found a red truck that he liked .
0	Diane went up on stage and began to sing .	One day she decided to enter a local singing competition .
0	Some people booed , because Jacob was distracting them from the game .	Except , Jacob did n't propose during a break in the game .
0	No matter what steps I took to eliminate them , they always came back .	My house had a fruit fly problem that I did n't know how to so .
1	He dropped his phone .	He reached down to pick it up .
0	Lea not only bought a ticket , she upgraded to first class too !	Then she found a great deal on a discount site .
0	He was playing videogames with friends .	Jake had anger issues .
1	Randall was late for an important business meeting .	He made straight for the elevator when he reached the building .
0	He would always take them out to the fields to graze .	Bill owned a large herd of bulls .
1	Jamie and his son were camping .	They gathered some dry wood together .
1	Samia wanted a dog .	Latoya wanted a fish .
0	Theresa said all the files needed to be in alphabetical order .	Another girl showed her what to do but she did not speak english well .
0	Her mother got quite a surprise when she saw a rat scurrying !	Her mother insisted there was nothing , but Tasha had heard noises .
0	He was driving from Flagstaff to Phoenix for a gig .	My husband was in a bad accident in college .
1	Matt had always found the court system interesting .	His teachers told him his grades were too low to get into law school .
0	Lori considered the importance of grades versus principles .	Lori 's teacher said anyone who refused would fail the class .
1	Kevin wanted a new living room chair .	He went to all kinds of stores .
0	When she got her decisions , she got accepted to only four of them .	She had a list of ten that she applied to .
0	I looked everywhere almost to find it .	When I got inside my room , I noticed my video game was gone .
0	So she went online and looked up a recipe to de-puff her face .	Rachel 's face felt very puffy one day .
0	Next to me was a tall tree .	I looked around but saw no fires .
1	I was n't sure how I would pay for it , but I knew I wanted to go .	After looking through newspapers , I found a job as a dog walker .
1	Cynthia was completing tasks for businesses , making money .	She was able to survive until she received a job at a grocery store .
1	I checked in the street nearby , and found another twenty !	Satisfied , I went into work , $ 40 richer than I was before I left .
1	She could afford to take a break .	So she watched her favorite movie .
1	Gina hoped it would upset him .	To her dismay he seemed not to care at all .
1	Julia was on a trip to the coast with her art class .	Every student was required to paint something from the trip .
1	But the puppy was so cute .	Herb loved him and did n't regret getting him .
1	Gloria loved the camera and quickly learned how to use it .	She soon entered a photography contest and won first place .
1	She was telling them to increase perfume sales .	She was disappointed in slow sales .
1	I used a quad cane after my stroke .	It was a cane with four feet .
0	But he realized he had no cream cheese .	Tom put two bagel slices in his toaster .
1	No one paid much attention to him .	One day , a nice family found him and cut his nails .
1	I had never been to one before .	I was nervous but excited .
0	Alan 's wife suggested that his brother live in the basement .	At first Alan was worried about a crowded house .
0	When it got dark , Hillary and her friends saw a bigfoot in the trees .	It took them so long that night arrived quickly and it became dark .
1	When they arrived at the stadium he was in awe of it 's size .	As they approached Mark gladly handed the ticket to the worker .
0	They rolled three large balls for the body .	Jaime 's kids wanted to build a giant snowman .
0	However , Tom could not make it .	One year , his team made it to the state championships .
0	It was taking unusually long .	Carl was waiting for his bus after school .
0	I picked out my outfit and had my hair done .	I have not been in a parade in Years .
1	She jumped on the seat .	My side went up quickly .
0	He died of a second heart attack a few months after the first .	He did not heed his doctor and kept drinking .
0	The artists argued continually and had a power struggle .	She took two artists under her wing .
0	Ann discovered its papa was a Saint Bernard .	A year later , the pup was nearly a hundred pounds .
0	He took it to the grocery store but they could n't cash it .	Timmy got a check in the mail for his birthday .
1	It was terrible .	I knew not to go back there .
1	Michelle used the recordings to practice all summer .	She blew everyone away during her next audition in the fall .
0	Her sister who was a bridesmaid was n't showing up .	It was Sheila 's wedding day and she was excited .
1	At the time , it was a very nice car .	However , decades later it has started to fall apart .
0	Fred decided to buy the book .	He felt that the ending was very solid .
1	Once it stopped I continued running .	It started to rain again after I finished my last mile .
1	It looked like they were going to go out but then they stayed lit .	Her big brother had put trick candles on her cake .
1	Bob bought it and brought it home .	When the power went out he light the candle and it lasted hours .
1	There were no copies on the shelf .	She asked the cashier , hoping there was a copy in the return slot .
0	She rushed downstairs to get one before her brother ate them all .	Her mother had made her special homemade cinnamon rolls .
0	Startled and out of breath , Sue ran into her house .	Sue barely had time to move off her chair when the thunder rumbled .
1	The boy liked to daydream about her .	He did not know her but only saw her at school .
1	Lucas was cutting up onions .	He wanted to make some stew .
1	They were raising his premium as a result of all the tickets !	Steve , dejected , resolved to be more careful in the future .
0	He signed up , made his goals , and got to work .	He found a program that can help him make the change he wants .
0	I think this is because they knew Americans liked ketchup .	Sometimes though , the cashier would give me two .
0	He could not believe it when they all surprised him with the gift .	They had secretly booked him a trip out of town .
1	An old man was working in his garden one day .	He heard a loud bang , but was n't sure what it was .
1	Gary stole Hannah 's teddy bear .	He told her that in order to get it back , he has to beat her in chess .
0	When I tried to see if he was okay , he could n't stop crying .	As soon as his head touched the fan , he got smacked in the head .
0	They argue and settle on a cook off .	Roland definitely thinks that Mike is incorrect .
1	Kyle always tried to recycle .	His friends never cared .
1	The ball kept rolling until it went halfway up the other hill nearby .	Then the ball rolled back and settled in the middle of the two hills .
0	James felt a great sense of honor from his work .	On his vacation , he went and tutored children from local schools .
0	We were excited when the pizza got here only to find it was destroyed .	We decided to order pizza for dinner .
0	Her boss was n't satisfied with her daily tardiness .	Coco would sleep through her alarm every morning .
1	They still trembled as she swiped the water bottles .	And as she searched her purse for her wallet .
0	The niece does not expect the sheriff to be waiting for her .	The niece bubbles with excitement at meeting her aunt .
1	My friend said the dealership will buy my old car from me .	I 'll go back tomorrow and get some cash for my old car .
0	Johnny was afraid but he went to meet his cousin 's priest .	Johnny 's cousin invited him to his church to talk to his priest .
0	He starts by studying for a standardized test .	Brian has dreamed for many Years of going back graduate school .
0	Tim realized he should 've let a professional streak his hair !	The streaks were pale and patchy .
1	She had no experience so she made a fake resume .	On the resume , she put her friend 's phone numbers as fake employers .
0	Lucy asked for a bowl of ice cream .	Her grandma bought ice cream from the Milkman .
1	She stretched her arms out in order to reach it .	However , the rest of her body fell out of the bed .
1	Jane told jack she wanted a divorce .	Jack was shocked , but agreed things were bad .
0	She decided to keep the windows closed for the rest of her trip .	Jane was relieved she had n't gotten stung .
0	She made one out of a pretty floral fabric .	Laura could n't afford to buy a dress for the school dance .
1	Although I felt unappreciated , I held my own ground .	I walked back to the table .
1	His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment .	Chris gets called into his manager 's office .
1	Emma had soup and salad for lunch .	She unpacked her utensils to eat .
0	After a few months he was able to ride down the sidewalk .	He then took lessons at the skate park on the weekends .
0	He allowed me to climb on top of the zebra .	The owner of the farm introduced us to one of his horses .
0	Every time , I would fall asleep before the end of the show .	I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons .
0	He decided to make his grandpa 's old family recipe .	Jerome entered himself into a chili cook off .
0	Jody ordered pancakes .	Jody and her mom went to Sunday Brunch .
0	Ariel smashed her head on the stage and died .	She had n't practiced it enough though .
1	I did a survey on Mechanical Turk for five cents .	It took me twenty minutes .
1	Nothing was coming to him today .	But , finally , he had a flash of inspiration .
0	He screamed at night because of the pain .	Tom had a bad tooth ache .
0	Kate was no longer excited to graduate .	She thought of her friends and teachers .
0	I was out doing errands for hours .	Yesterday was a long day .
1	When the nurse injected the needle I could n't look .	Thankfully though it was over before I knew it .
1	She got tired of it so she grew her hair long .	Unfortunately , she still got mistaken for a man .
0	He cuts his nails too short when he trims his toenails .	Geoff always has problems with his feet .
1	He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong .	Ed ended up crashing his car !
1	I do n't know why so I asked her .	She yelled at me so loud it hurt my ears .
1	He stocked up on canned goods and additional resources .	A week later , the hurricane struck his city .
1	Lola 's dad was having an Easter egg hunt , and Lola was excited .	The one who found the most eggs would win a big basket of candy !
1	The cat appreciated Harley 's kindness .	Now , the cat and Harley keep each other company and enjoy their days .
1	His mom said there is no school .	Billy played in the snow all day .
0	The caffeine helped her stay awake in the mornings .	She started to drink coffee .
0	He followed us for several miles , and we were scared .	He showed us , then chased us down for money .
1	Gina had already seen one of the homes .	Her parents brought them to see another house .
1	Sam took his car in to get it fixed .	He was able to get the scratches buffed out for a small price .
1	Instead he used an office chair with wheels and hoped for the best .	On the day of the race he had a massive lead over everyone else .
0	Since I was little , they did not want me around .	One day they told me there were skeletons in the trees to scare me .
1	When she does the officer arrests her .	She learns that her sister has been committing crime using her name .
1	I take an elevator to get to my office .	This morning the elevator got stuck .
1	Carl had a gambling problem .	He knew he had to stop , but he just could n't .
1	This zookeeper was in charge of watching the monkeys .	When he went to check on them , they were gone !
0	My wife decided to pick a Steven King book .	We looked throughout for a book to rent .
0	His neighbor stared at him in shock .	Dj forgot himself and answered the door .
1	The dog often chased Ivan around the house , trying to bite him .	Eventually Ivan realized he was still doing his job , just differently .
1	He heard a small cat making a sound .	He approached the cat .
1	The hill got even more steep so they got climbing gear out .	The gear helped save them from falling .
0	She thought the students would make fun of her for being Muslim .	Sara was scared to start high school .
0	They tried to keep it a secret .	Ann started to date a coworker of hers against company policy .
1	But for her 7th birthday , she wished for a special horse - a unicorn !	Hannah woke on her birthday , excited , and ran outside .
1	The trail we very muddy and difficult .	I got my jeep stuck .
1	Eli googled the procedure .	He found a tutorial and it was very simple .
1	He put the cookies in when it was hot enough .	To be safe , Earl set three different timers .
0	Unfortunately , everything he made was nigh-inedible .	Paul loved to cook , it was his passion .
0	My wife and I ended up at one that seemed quite abandoned .	We decided to take a tour of the old houses downtown .
0	When she wakes up , she realizes she forgot to set her alarm !	Elizabeth has a big exam tomorrow morning .
1	Jane panicked when she found out that her wallet is home .	In addition , her friend decided to watch the movie without her .
1	He enlisted the aid of local artists and they painted a mural .	Rex smiles every day now as he walks by it .
1	I tried several models at the practice range inside the store .	I decided to buy the most expensive option .
1	Trisha was scarred on her face and ears .	Trisha ran away , vowing never to set foot in Mavis ' house again .
0	The moving truck arrived early in the morning .	She was stressed and anticipating a long moving process .
1	Today was the day Hannah began her new job .	She was very nervous .
0	Sue woke up early to open her presents .	It was Christmas morning .
0	I could barely sleep the night before my first day .	I was very nervous to start my job as a CNA .
0	She got up and walked to the kitchen .	Alice was sitting on the couch when she became hungry .
0	Luckily Joe had an insurance plan on the phone .	It broke in half .
0	His job is very risky and his wife worries about him very much .	Carl delivers gasoline to gas stations .
1	Suddenly , his son 's school called .	His son was sick .
0	His friends told him they were ugly .	Bob had round glasses .
1	They took their seats in near silence and awaited instruction .	She smiled as she told them about their prior examinations .
1	He gave it to his grandmother as a present .	The grandmother sat him down and taught him how to knit .
0	Her friends urged her to enter the painting in the school contest .	She painted a landscape , with soft hues and a gentle meadow .
0	Adam then could n't get a girlfriend .	He gained a lot of weight .
1	Kya wanted a snake as a pet .	At first her mom refused .
1	He went to the department store and bought all he could afford .	At home he put them all away in his closet .
1	A movie that Jared has been wanting to see came out today .	He asked all his friends if they wanted to go see it .
1	We did not even have anything sweet .	I ended up wearing some beads at night .
1	Then I met my fiancee at the lawyer 's office .	I married my fiance in front of my family .
0	They needed a medical procedure .	They had been trying for years .
1	His mom said no because they could n't afford it .	Luckily , someone behind them offered to buy it for him .
1	The fire raged throughout the night at the park .	Firemen from 6 towns all came to combat the fire .
0	Alas , they tasted terrible .	I decided to make some .
0	Security did not press charges but banned him from the store .	I went to the store to get him .
0	He called up his friend for a loan .	His bank account was dry .
1	He called and asked her to dinner .	They decided on a restaurant .
0	A truck drove through a puddle and soaked Beth while holding her phone .	On the day of the show she waited at the bus stop in the rain .
0	They were going to pay him to publish his story !	But then one magazine gave him great news .
1	I decided to shower to clean up .	Alas , I did not know that my water pipe was faulty .
1	Charles felt grief like never before .	He had to let go or he would never get over it .
1	The boat was traveling for a long time .	It was out at sea on a mission .
0	Sam plants the seed in a pot .	Sam cuts open a tomato , to find many seeds .
1	She watched the kids while their mom worked .	Sherry would n't let them watch anything on TV .
0	Lisa decided to be Jon 's friend .	Lisa noticed that Jon was sad due to a lack of friendship .
0	I contacted Amazon and accepted a $ 5 credit .	It did not arrive that day .
0	Jill brought the card home and kept it in a box of treasures .	When the teacher saw the dead butterfly , she dropped the card .
1	He tried to enroll in the math class for next semester .	But it was full .
1	I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste .	I began to brush my teeth .
0	He puts off getting out of bed as long as he can .	Marcus has been dreading going to his job at the coffee shop .
1	She decided to hire a personal trainer .	The personal trainer was helpful at first .
0	The artist was Margery Soroka .	I found one on ebay .
1	John finished the book and submitted it to his publisher .	His book was named to the bestseller list .
1	He thought his parents would be furious .	It turns out they happily welcomed him home .
0	Both of them landed on the ground .	However , Jim got hit by his back .
0	He was able to get the scratches buffed out for a small price .	Sam took his car in to get it fixed .
1	He thought that was weird but she offered him five dollars .	He sampled multiple flavors of a punch and picked the ones he liked .
1	Terence laughed and turned around to walk away .	As he did , something hit him in the back of the head .
1	Javier noticed that he was developing dandruff .	He was not sure what was causing his dandruff .
1	Henry was racing to get to work one morning .	Suddenly he saw flashing lights behind him .
1	He thought she was too young for him .	He really liked her too .
1	A packet of gas relief tablets fell out of the purse onto the paper .	Joan finished wrapping and presented the gift .
0	The view was breathtaking .	I went up to the top of a near mountain .
1	Roy felt compelled to save the creation .	He dug a trench around the castle and kept watch .
1	I was n't sure what kind of medicine I should take for my cold .	I was confused by the variety of remedies available .
1	He went fast around the corners .	He stopped on the street when he saw a turtle in road .
1	After a long day Rick fell asleep in the sand .	When Rick woke up he could n't see anyone .
1	Last Saturday we went to dim sum in Chinatown .	We had not done this in over five Year 's .
1	She decided she was going to tell her professor what happened .	The professor decided to not give her classmates credit for her work .
0	She froze for a brief second .	He said that he loved her and wanted to spend some time with her .
1	The storm finally hit and Jim 's house was blown away .	Jim realized that boarding up did not help at all .
1	Lisa was making dinner for her parents .	She made a chicken casserole .
1	She always gossiped about other people and said ugly things .	Soon , her behavior made no one want to be friends with her .
1	Once at the top they gave it a push and watched .	The ball sped down the hill and crashed into a tree .
0	Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled .	She came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside .
1	She wanted to trust that her boyfriend was faithful .	On his birthday she planned to surprise him at his place .
1	Paul tried to look at my project .	He was moving pieces and putting them in other places .
0	As his kids grew they complained about his work schedule .	Tom began having children with his wife .
0	Cal quickly grabbed the kitchen trash bag and ran outside .	He suddenly remembered today was trash day !
0	Jessica picked out a pretty black and white kitten with blue eyes .	She was very excited as they went into the pet store .
0	With the chaos of the snow , she ended up lost quickly .	While she was walking it began to snow .
0	So she was beyond excited .	Kelly did n't think her mom was going to get her a phone yet .
1	She left the store and grabbed lunch .	Afterwards she came back to check her clothes .
0	In his hands , he had the formula for his wife , surprising her .	Later , he arrived home .
1	Christmas was coming and there were presents to buy .	Hannah found a company that would pay her for secret shopping trips .
1	Mike 's dog was hungry .	He noticed he had run out of dog food .
0	Mom planned on making more meals ahead of time .	We spend too much going out to eat every week .
0	Simon plays Mario Kart the entire time he 's at Grandma 's .	Mom suggests Simon bring his 3DS .
0	Little Becky stayed angry at her aunt for a long time .	Little Becky thought her aunt took the catfish .
1	We saw him at the Criss Cross album release party having fun .	While hanging out with The Lynch Mob he flirted with girls .
1	She saw some post-it notes and felt inspired .	During his classes she covered his truck in the little notes .
0	She shrieked something fierce , so Uncle Bob came running .	Maude fell down the stairs and broke her ankle .
0	When he arrived , he walked carelessly to class .	Around 5 am , he started to get dressed for school .
0	She would cry when she was alone .	She wanted to remain composed .
1	They can fly like superman and climb obstacles .	There is even a zipline .
1	He put them into a bucket and dragged them to the curb .	The next day a city worker came and took away the trash .
1	I always wondered why I loved wearing wigs .	It always felt natural .
0	Max rang their doorbell and asked for his ball .	It flew into his neighbor 's backyard .
1	None of the streets seemed to have a phone booth .	He finally was able to borrow a phone from a passerby .
1	Carrie met Michael on Christian Mingle .	They spoke online for a few months before exchanging phone numbers .
1	Yesterday I went for a run .	I ran to the park .
0	He was delighted to receive the gift .	Since he liked chess , she made him custom chess pieces .
0	Her mother told her she could have it and use it .	Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it .
1	Throughout the day , I tried to remain calm .	However , I saw a notice on my desk that says I 'm fired .
0	He realized he did n't do a thorough job of washing the dishes .	After Tom ate dinner , he felt sick .
1	They did not know the rules so they made them up .	They called their new game Monkey Chess .
0	Ali had really enjoyed the vineyard tour !	By the end of the day she 'd bought four different bottles .
1	His dad thought it was a good learning lesson .	They went duck hunting for a day .
1	Brandon and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions .	The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas .
1	Skip 's family rented a beach house in Florida for a week .	On the third morning the house caught on fire .
0	The teenager started telling jokes like he learned from Kevin .	In a restaurant he met Duane , a teenager trying to be a comedian .
0	Afterwards , everyone got to take a paper lantern home .	It was so pretty .
1	John fell and broke his leg .	He had to spend two weeks in the hospital .
0	Mike chose a blue tetra at the pet store .	Mike 's mom gave him permission to get a fish .
1	His girlfriend was n't a big fan at first .	Eventually , he taught her how to do it .
1	Lisa searched everywhere she had been that day .	She was elated when she found it on the bathroom floor !
1	The band manager was there and settled it down .	Everyone was fine after
0	They drove two hours to the city to the concert .	They got ready and she picked them up .
1	She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free .	I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her .
0	The dog stared at her face eagerly .	Gina sat outside and talked to him .
0	He promised that he would be the best president there ever was .	Donald wanted to run for president .
1	After a long day at work I needed a drink .	They were half price off at the local bar .
0	Instead of yelling at her , they hugged her , glad she was okay .	Her parents raced in from the next room .
1	The teacher told Tom that his mother had to sign the graded test .	Tom did n't want his mother to find out his poor grade .
0	Eventually Anna realized her big sister was her very best friend .	But as they grew into adults , they became friends .
1	My friend had the ball and tried to pass it to my brother .	After my brother got the ball , I ran after him .
0	It seemed unattractive , seeing it in pieces made it feel cheap .	When she was finished she realized she no longer liked the furniture .
1	He excused himself to the bathroom to secretly look it up .	He took out his phone and searched online for a definition .
1	This morning , I attended a training at my work office .	The training focused on creating and delivering better presentations .
0	It had started storming and she heard loud thunder .	She looked outside wondering what the sound was .
0	Linda loved her new pets and bought two more .	Linda decided to purchase two guinea pigs .
1	Carl was told he was fat last summer .	It motivated him to work out .
0	Kimberly planted a kiss on his cheek .	One day Tim made the winning basket .
0	I buy her some whenever I can .	She is obsessed with them .
1	It was up to me to make her dream come true .	I found a recipe and design and got to baking .
0	But Gina explained she was n't very far from her home .	Gina 's mother was not happy about bringing her a spare key .
0	Luckily , Pizza is the family 's favorite food .	She quickly ordered pizza instead .
1	He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor 's appointment .	When they arrived , the doctor explained what narcolepsy is .
0	She worked hard to make his attendance better .	His mom was worried about getting in trouble .
1	As I grew older , I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar .	I begged for a guitar , but Dad would n't let me play with his .
0	He flirted with her .	One day she walked to the store and met a guy .
1	Sam had a crush on a shy girl at work .	He told the girl she was pretty and smart .
0	One day he was walking and saw a girl crying .	He smiled at everyone he saw .
0	On it was a picture of her baby and it said `` My First Christmas '' .	It was a homemade Christmas ornament .
1	Art had been sick with the flu for weeks .	He decided to try to cure himself instead of waiting it out .
1	Ed the waiter took an order from a table .	One man asked for french fries that were extra crispy .
1	Two best friends decided to go camping .	They hiked way up on a hill and set up their tent .
1	On election day Linda votes for the candidate she likes best .	She is very happy that she voted this year .
1	Her eyes fell on the girl 's toy box , and she was suddenly inspired .	Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt !
1	Gina had 3 books on dolphins from her library .	The first one was n't what she expected .
1	But he realized he did n't have any bread .	Johnny hopped on the bus to go to the store .
1	Juan 's father could n't fix it .	The lawn mower turned out to be defective .
0	Alice found her grandmother 's recipe .	Alice decided she would look for a recipe to bake a pie .
1	One day , little baby fish appeared in the tank .	His fish had had babies !
0	She stayed up all night dreading the interview .	The young woman was worried sick about her interview
1	Bill woke up early one day .	He decided to make breakfast .
1	James was a fire chief who wanted to retire to Florida .	He moved to Florida but missed cooking for the fire fighters .
0	One day she decided to visit a modern art museum with a friend .	Rhonda never felt that she understood modern art .
1	Julio is excited for family dinner .	He 's making ham and potatoes .
0	Babs was the last of her kind .	Babs was a rare breed of tiger .
1	He had won $ 100 !	Bob cashed in his ticket at the gas station .
0	The bite began swelling and turning red .	She jumped out of bed just in time to see a spider scurry away .
1	However she only lasted a week .	It was too hard .
1	He sang it without knowing the words that well .	When the song was over he wondered what it was called .
0	He could n't even stop when his wife begged him .	He tried to quit but failed .
0	When I opened it I immediately started using it .	I opened up immediately .
1	He pretended to have at his first party .	He did n't know his limit .
1	But then she heard a nearby lady crying !	The lady had lost her keys and could n't get home .
0	Finally , Larry founds the perfect guitar .	He spent hours looking online and going to lots of different stores .
0	A friend at the cookout offers Francine a hot dog to eat .	However , in a rush , she had n't eaten that day .
1	I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped .	I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement .
1	The day before the launch his team rechecked everything .	The campaign launched according to plan and they sold record numbers .
0	When Tammy came home she took Bongo out for a ride .	Tammy really missed riding her favorite horse Bongo .
1	Gina 's jewelry was on her dresser .	But she had no container for them .
1	He went to the bowling alley 4 times a week during the summer .	His average improved from a 61 to a 73 .
1	One day , Rex saw a little bird hopping on the street .	Rex managed to get off his chain and took the bird by surprise .
0	After a while , he came across a CAPTCHA .	Nate was working on a batch of low paying tasks .
1	Rick had a science test .	But when he arrived at class , there was a substitute teacher .
0	The girls wanted to see the town .	Kelly and her friends decided to go for a drive .
0	He ran after school .	Tyler loved to run and worked very hard .
1	Richard took very good care of the tree .	He could n't wait for his first harvest .
1	It took them so long that night arrived quickly and it became dark .	When it got dark , Hillary and her friends saw a bigfoot in the trees .
1	The pendant she wore was crooked so I tried to adjust it	I bent down and one of favorite earrings fell in with her .
0	Because of that , he was discharged from the army .	He was angry so he beat the shooter up .
0	The best actor is stuck acting like his son is n't an embarrassment .	Shaking my head , I look at Will Smith killing aliens in amazement .
0	I was pleased they had arancini , and ordered two plates .	I went to dinner in Newton with my son this week .
0	He caught three large bucks in one day !	During buck season , he found the perfect spot .
1	She prepared his favorite meal and wrapped a baby bottle up as a gift .	When Joe opened his gift they celebrated their pregnancy together !
0	She really needed an extension .	Yet Kelly had been sick .
0	He spit out all other cookies .	However he only liked when his mother made them .
1	The game was very close and almost over .	Roy had the ball and took a very long shot .
0	The jeweler only offered her ten dollars for it .	But what she thought was a real diamond turned out to be fake .
0	I kindly refused and searched for another person to do the job .	My friend offered to redo the work .
0	He got a phone call from the guidance counselor .	The teacher was going over yesterday 's homework .
1	Nick pushed through his colleagues aggressively .	His colleagues were shocked and appalled .
0	He listened to it , and found that he loved it .	It picked a song he had never heard before .
0	Kyle went out to get paint and brushes at the hardware store .	He told his landlord that he 'll paint the house in exchange for rent .
0	When I got home late my mom was angry .	I stayed out late skateboarding with friends .
1	She felt something on her foot .	When she looked down she saw a huge spider .
0	The weather forecast had called for seventy degrees and sunny .	Cal shivered in a t-shirt as the snow fell on him .
0	He decided to buy a brand new sports car for himself .	Bob wanted to do something for his 40th birthday .
1	Bill and Lynn are my neighbors to the west .	In the winter they burn a wood stove for heat .
1	Breanna wants to lose some weight .	She decides to go jogging .
1	Across the grass field I saw a bull .	I looked him in the eyes .
1	The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence .	I went online and gave the tips positive feedback .
0	I was getting a scholarship to Yale .	I had more important things on my mind .
0	She thought the clones were really cool .	Gina was watching a TV show about clones .
1	It 's so time consuming tossing the salads .	I bought a salad spinner and now they take very little time to make .
0	Boris was terrified .	It was his first game ever .
1	I wanted to make a stew .	I bought all the ingredients .
1	There were kangaroos fighting each other .	One kangaroo kicked another kangaroo .
0	The client sued Scott for being a horrible landscaper .	Within a couple weeks , the Japanese vine had grown everywhere .
1	All of her classmates went to the concert and had a great time .	The next day , Amanda was the only person to get an A on the test .
0	To get a better look she climbed the tree next to it .	She saw a very rare bird high up in a tree .
0	Tom eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed Sally .	Tom went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle .
1	The coffee spilled all over the keyboard !	Rachel had to replace the keyboard with her own money .
0	Eventually he grew up to get diabetes .	He was also lazy and never active .
1	He could n't wait to see all his favorite hockey players .	When he got there , he rushed through the doors as fast as he could .
1	Daisy loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection .	Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard .
1	Mike loved planes , and he talked about them often .	He said he wanted to fly planes someday .
1	Sally went straight to the largest pile of sand .	Sally did not see the large wave coming towards her .
0	Her spiced sausages became legendary in her town !	She incorporated her spices into each cut of meat .
0	Tim felt much more awake .	His friend gave him an energy drink .
1	Joy was running a bath .	She squeezed the bottle of bubble bath .
1	Ryan caught the ball on the inbound pass .	He took the three point shot and made it !
1	Frankie got fired from her job .	She decided to go back to college .
0	She begged her parents over and over for one .	Kelly really wanted a new cat .
1	He has never been there before .	He visits the Eiffel tower .
0	Clara called her mother and asked if there was a party .	Clara 's niece was turning 3 on Saturday .
0	He left the company soon after .	He was denied by his manager .
1	They decided not to go .	Everyone was mad that they backed out .
1	He went to the store to pick up supplies for it .	Tim knew how to put those supplies together .
0	They put on their biking gear and headed out	They checked their tires and bike chains for safety .
0	She quickly walked through the muddy grass .	She thought about taking a short through the grass to save time .
0	The doctor told her she had anemia .	She made an appointment .
1	Bill became an expert on runes with many years of practice .	Now archaeologists pay him for his help with identifying symbols .
1	He also started to throw a few punches .	Jordan tried to dodge them .
0	His parents told him to .	Tim had to clean the basement .
1	Trey wanted to get the best time for running a mile in his class .	During the run , he saw another student pulling ahead of him however .
1	One day , I dropped the bottle and it broke .	I had to spend a long time picking up the glass shards .
0	When the time came to give the speech , I forgot it .	I practiced in front of family and friends .
0	John vowed never to disappoint his supervisor again .	John spent three hours more , shining the boots .
0	She called the fire department .	A woman who lived on the street saw the cat .
1	My friend and I wanted to see a new movie in the theatres .	We went to the theatre and bought our tickets then walked inside .
1	Sam was a beautiful girl but she lived in that place .	I wanted to visit her but the stench was truly horrific .
0	However , this was no normal police officer that pulled over Chad .	In such a rush , Chad was stopped by a police for speeding .
0	Both she and John were dressed in formal wear .	Betty was nervous as she had never attended a classical music concert .
1	She loaded her cart , picturing the weight she 'd lose .	After a month of fat-free food , Emmy got on the scale .
0	Later he called me to ask if he had taken his pill .	He did not take the pill yet .
0	She decided to purchase five .	Ginny loved cats .
1	Judy was sad because she scored poorly on a her vision test .	So she had to wear glasses .
0	He decided to pick up his guitar .	Tyrese just got dumped .
1	Her first pet was a toy dog named Ziggy , who fit in her purse .	She had eight hours with Ziggy , and became so attached .
1	The dog could not swim .	Jeff had to dive into the cold water to rescue his dog .
0	The clown elbowed Maurice as he went by .	This one seemed to be funny , as well as slightly drunk .
0	As she was walking around outside , she felt sharp pains .	Killy was 9 months pregnant and almost ready to pop .
0	He still longs for her from afar .	But he chickened out and never gave it to her .
1	They packed cold chicken and potato salad along with drinks .	They sat on a blanket along with the food .
0	He is older now and has a hard time getting in and out of the pool .	Ron loves to swim and used to do it every day at the gym .
1	Gina often had to visit 2 stores to get enough .	It was inconvenient , but Gina felt it was worth it .
1	Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice , but there was n't any !	Thinking resourcefully , Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer .
1	The room looked nothing like the picture .	Meisha inquired about the rooms in the pictures .
0	I was accepted as an apprentice to a HVAC union !	I decided to apprentice in HVAC .
1	He got really good at ice skating over the long winter .	When spring came , his skills transferred over easily !
0	He chased after it .	Ken saw a mouse in his kitchen .
1	The day of the drawing he told everyone that they lost .	He told them next time they would win .
0	He decided to shave his beard off .	Gordy took it personally .
0	Grandpa sent his flying a yard in front of him .	Grandma launched her seed a mere foot away .
0	She noticed her toddler had been unusually quiet .	She looked inside and outside the house .
0	I told them I was too scared of raw fish .	My Japanese coworkers suggested I try sushi .
1	Soon , her jealousy got even worse and Tim was ready to leave .	The next day , Amy got her period which explained the strong emotions .
0	Someone next to Ferdy wants him to shut up .	He is talking very loud .
0	Ultimately she decided to let it all go to focus on her own happiness .	She was shunned by people she trusted for asking questions .
0	He surprised me by saying he knew Hans Solo was killed .	I told him I saw the new movie .
1	One day he was in a road trip .	He was passing by a farm .
0	At the same time , he threw a newspaper on the ground .	He decided to look at me .
0	His mother would do it for him .	Boris had never ironed his clothing .
0	I bought the brand she recommended .	At the shoe store I ask the clerk for help .
1	Kia loved to take walks .	She would walk for hours at at time .
0	Clem 's wife smacked him , and everyone stopped laughing .	His baby laughed some more .
0	She cut her hair short to fix it .	She had to cut it out .
0	I always agreed , but I have had a hard time with college lately .	My father has always pressured me to go to graduate school .
0	Tim said he would use the money for lunch .	Tim asked Ron for money that he could borrow .
1	Ivan was from the Soviet Union .	He was there when the Berlin Wall came down .
0	Todd unreasonably attempted it anyway .	He bought more than he should reasonably attempt to carry home .
1	Her friends agreed and they left a week later .	On the trip , they had a great time and created amazing memories .
1	In reality , the man was a figment of his imagination .	Nevertheless , Jon did not know the difference between fact and fiction .
1	Jill was n't much of a gambler , but thought it was to good to pass up .	She rushed to the convenience store and bought dozens of tickets .
1	He had every pair of Jordan 's that existed .	The new edition was coming out the next morning .
0	The Trump family were adamant the girl have a special blanket .	She was very grateful for a safe place to stay .
1	But he did n't feel very motivated to finish it .	His break ended lasting 2 hours .
0	Then Ann got a call from the nursing home .	She felt sad and stopped visiting regularly .
0	Two weeks later they were ready , and I was now a glasses wearer .	I picked out some nice frames .
1	His grandfather 's possessions would be passed on to the grandchildren .	John now possesses his grandfather 's ring .
1	Sara worked out and watched what she ate .	A year later Sarah was happy and the doctor said her weight was good .
1	Our first stop was the laundry where Walt worked .	When we got out of the car the cops came .
1	Anthony searched frantically for twenty minutes .	He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result .
0	Every week they got beaten by the taller teams .	Larry 's basketball team was made of of really short players .
0	After the game the other referee told Ron not to worry about it .	The crowd yelled at Ron for his mistake .
1	He got up and began to play .	The people loved his music and he felt very happy .
0	I tried to take it out of the road however , it was chasing me .	It would n't stop moving around .
0	Amy tumbled down the stairs .	As Amy was going down stairs her foot slipped through the flip flop .
0	When she had a grip , she pulled hard .	She tried to slide her finger in between the door and the frame .
0	They all dressed up like their favorite girl .	The girls packed up and went to the Spice Girls concert .
1	When she was 30 , she decided to find her mother .	The two were reunited and made up for lost time .
0	When Lilly 's mom asks if she has homework , she lies and says no !	But Lily wants to play with Becky down the street .
0	He showed her how to open a browser .	Lee was trying to teach his mom how to use a computer .
0	Jane asked her friend to feed her bird for her .	She went going on vacation .
0	Sometimes it can be hard to choose where to sit .	At my place , there are a lot of seating options .
1	We toasted the daughter as she danced in a fancy white dress .	It was first and only appearance at a quinceanera .
0	Aaron passed the difficult test the next day .	His friend was very helpful .
1	I took a look at the photo after it was processed .	While everyone looked nice , I had a weird frown on my face .
1	During one summer , Jared noticed he was growing .	Jared now stands at six foot tall .
1	I practiced in front of family and friends .	When the time came to give the speech , I forgot it .
0	Jeff decided to win the money at the casino .	He did not have $ 40,000 for the loans .
0	She barely makes it in time for her race and does very poorly .	Beth decides to go to the prom and a party , so she is out very late .
0	She slipped on the wig , but it fell over her eyes .	Sally was excited when the package came .
0	One day , he was riding his bike to a friend 's house .	Kyle was sure he did not need to wear a helmet when he rode his bike .
0	The next morning the news confirmed it was an earthquake .	There had been small earthquakes before but none like this .
0	She found her dog laying in his bed chewing on it !	When she returned to the kitchen , the turkey was gone .
1	Katie ran around looking at the sky .	She fell down from running too fast .
1	After a few months , I needed some extra money .	When I tried to get into contact with Henry , I could n't find him .
0	As soon as he sat , they called his number .	They told him to take a number and wait .
1	I found a few termites one day the kitchen .	I called the exterminator .
0	He bought the lamp .	He found a lamp he liked .
1	He gave his all to everyone .	When Papa Rios passed on , his family remained near .
1	They got into a rowboat .	Then , they paddled out to the middle of a lake .
1	Alice was sitting on the couch when she became hungry .	She got up and walked to the kitchen .
1	It headed in the right direction but then turned around .	Laura had to get off and walk two miles home .
0	It was first and only appearance at a quinceanera .	We toasted the daughter as she danced in a fancy white dress .
0	He met Trecce Cio who showed him a 2004 Mitsubishi Eclipse .	He went to Starbucks and log on craigslist to buy a used car .
1	She tried every alarm on her phone , but none seemed to wake her .	She searched through many stores , but every alarm she slept through .
1	She loved to bake cookies of all different kinds .	Her first batch had just finished and was cooling on the rack .
1	It pulled at his eyes and tempted him to rest his head at his desk .	He could feel its power getting stronger and stronger .
1	When the discovery was made , Clark banged on her door .	Wendy answered , apologizing to the grumpy old man .
0	Fred took his family and drove to a safer part of the region .	Fred finished after some hours of hard work .
0	Three days later he received a phone call from his friend Steve .	He took the train and got settled in his new home .
0	It was n't that big but he is still proud of the support .	This last weekend he started his own .
0	One day , a nice family found him and cut his nails .	No one paid much attention to him .
0	The bartender tries to cut him off when he 's had too much .	A strange man comes into a bar for a drink .
0	The vegetables were poured afterwards .	She placed the meat first , in order to cook it fast .
0	She gave all her old clothes away since they did n't fit now .	She treated herself to a big shopping trip to buy new clothes .
0	Alex 's parents demanded that he seek some type of work .	Alex did not feel the need to get a new job soon .
1	She stumbled over her first few words .	Eventually she got more comfortable and did a good job .
0	He felt something wet and sticky inside .	When it was time to pay , he began digging through his bag .
0	Just over a year later , he won a prestigious fitness competition .	John made a vow then and there to get into the best shape of his life .
1	Next to the other expert-looking models , it looked sloppy and simple .	Sam got an A because the teacher knew he made it himself .
1	Al wanted to go to his friend 's party to find a girl to date .	But his dad insisted he stay home to mow the lawn instead !
1	He studied all sorts of religions at various temples .	John decided he liked Christianity the best .
1	Babs was a rare breed of tiger .	Babs was the last of her kind .
1	Sam loved Halloween	He started working on his costume early .
0	One day she hid a lot of cash in the apartment .	My mom had Alzheimer 's when she was 80 .
0	He gave up his place in the line and brought a gift back from his car .	The shopper saw a homeless man shivering in the alleyway .
1	Grandma suggested they start with something easier .	Lucy was upset that her grandma had no faith in her .
0	They both received their diplomas from their smiling teacher .	Jennifer and Luke walked arm in arm to shake their principal 's hand .
0	George wants to be a lifeguard .	The community college offers a lifeguard course for $ 100 .
1	Vince pulled out his bear spray and hand gun and unloaded on the bear .	The couple fled the scene and left their hike in their car .
0	Since class started in 10 minutes , I allowed him to copy my work .	My friend needed help with his homework assignment .
0	One day they decided to prank him by dressing up as zombies .	Eli was a fan of the Walking Dead and all his friends knew it .
1	Her mother stared at her when she handed her the milk .	Gina smiled as she walked to her room happy to have avoided the trap .
1	Janice has been unhappy in her marriage for many Year 's .	Although she once loved her husband , she now finds him boring .
1	Frannie agreed and they swapped .	The were both happy with the trade .
0	He reached home plate .	Then when he was the batter , he stroke it far .
1	Everyone got accustomed to the chimes and slept on .	One night , the clock stopped .
0	His parents decided to bring him to a dragon festival in Chinatown .	He would draw them constantly .
1	It has since moved to the suburbs .	I will go but I think the Enchanted Village is spooky .
0	Gavin 's team won and defended their right to the court .	The other kids refused Gavin 's offer and challenged them .
1	As a result the schools were closed .	Because of the snow day , kids cheered .
1	Amy took her seat in class next to Ray like any other day .	Ray smiled and tried to start a conversation .
0	She did n't know anyone	It was her first day at a new school
1	Jane 's mother , not knowing for sure , still told her yes .	Her daughter was quite inquisitive , Jane thought to herself .
1	We walked around with a flashlight for a couple minutes .	Suddenly the light went out .
1	His girlfriend wanted to make them for him .	She learned a recipe .
0	He asked the comic book store employee for a first edition .	His brother loved comic books , and Brad wanted to get him one .
0	I hope no more cows try to test my fence .	I fixed the weak spot in my fence .
0	Mike was whipped and listened to Jane when she said no meat .	His girlfriend Jane was a vegetarian , and very strict with Mike .
1	His parents knew their son could be famous .	Silas and his family moved to Los Angeles .
0	A song played she heard a boy listening to .	Gina was in her room listening to music .
0	She took it to the mechanic to get checked out .	Anna heard a weird noise from her car .
1	Jenny had never been ice skating before .	She had roller skated so she thought it would n't be too hard .
1	My wife is threatening me to come to her or else she will leave .	After coming out of work , I drove quickly to see her .
1	James wanted a sandwich .	There was a loaf of bread on his kitchen counter .
1	He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before	He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground .
0	I will need to upgrade its memory next .	I use it for playing old CD-ROM games .
0	Sean saw that his bike had been stolen by a masked man .	They watched the security tapes .
0	Him and his friends would play in the mud .	He had a lot of fun exploring nature .
0	Rachel did n't have a lot of money .	It was getting close to Christmas .
0	Now she 's burned and has a cold too .	It fell when she went to grab it from the stove .
1	He said that he loved her and wanted to spend some time with her .	She froze for a brief second .
0	He checked it but it was completely broken .	Then , he realized that his phone was in his pocket .
1	Jason wanted until it was night .	Jason went outside and used his telescope to look at the stars .
0	They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave .	You then pull up a little further to the rectory and wait for food .
0	He worked for months .	Carl wanted a computer badly .
1	Tim decided to share .	They both ended up very happy .
0	A basketball player herself , Penelope now felt a special connection !	She was surprised to find a photo of her grandma on a basketball team .
1	She learned about how to care and feed ducks .	Her parents bought her six baby ducks .
0	Ian paid him to buy and sell stocks .	Joe was a stockbroker .
1	Shannon used to be interested in Jay	Suddenly she stopped replying to Jay .
0	Neither had ever been and wanted to know what it was about .	Kay and Beth wanted to go to the swap shop .
0	He cooked all kinds of fish .	Tim had a fish fry .
1	He would go on long rides on the weekend .	One day he got hit by a truck while on his bike .
0	He noticed a big fat racoon eating out of the dog bowl .	One morning he sat down to have a bowl of cereal .
0	She had family coming for a mini vacation .	Tami needed her husband to fix the plumbing immediately .
0	His vision was limited by the heavy snowfall	There was a heavy blizzard going on .
1	Kelly really wanted a new cat .	She begged her parents over and over for one .
1	The show was long but worth it .	At we show she found a piece she really liked .
0	However , when my pizza arrived , it had no toppings .	The order was fairly simple and I did not expect a mix up .
0	The glass cut my leg .	No one told me there was broken glass in there .
1	When she received it she was thrilled .	She immediately went out and took it for a drive .
1	Brett was having trouble seeing out of his eyes .	He went to a eye doctor and was told he needed surgery .
0	I have about six shows I love to watch .	I love watching television .
0	Abby is happy that she invited friends over to her apartment .	Her guests all remark that her place is so nice .
0	Robin was n't sure what to do so she just braced herself .	The dog 's owner yelled for it to stop but it ran faster .
1	I go visit my friend at her house .	We go for a walk .
0	He picked it up and looked at the screen .	The phone vibrated violently next to Matt .
1	She had to give her mom bad news .	Her teacher took her $ 400 cell phone from her .
0	She went to the doctor .	However later that night she got sick .
0	Emily had had a nightmare .	Her mom came to comfort her .
0	And they ended up playing the whole day .	His friend asked him to play video games .
0	When she got home the new file did n't work so she had to go back .	She drove 200 miles to the nearest store and bought a new one .
1	I pulled over my car to look through them .	It was mostly junk .
1	He thought they were adorable !	He went every day to see them swim and grow bigger .
0	The note led her on a huge scavenger hunt .	Sarah arrived at school to find a note on her locker .
1	Kay was at the laundromat washing her clothes .	They only had high efficiency washers which Kay did n't really like .
1	Ira wanted to play tennis .	She asked her sister to show her how .
1	Knowing his father was on his deathbed , he decided to make peace .	He saw and talked to his father one day before he died .
1	He did stretches and yoga .	Finally the big night came .
0	Together they saw the scenery .	He joined his tour group at the airport .
0	One day he let me go a little too soon .	He would hold each of us in each arm .
1	He went to the store and saw a computer he really liked .	He bought the computer and spent all of his money .
1	At first he wobbled unsteadily .	But soon he was riding quickly and steadily !
1	John was in a rush .	As people were crowding in the train John pressed the close button .
0	Her mom 's birthday was today .	She practiced since she was 6 years old .
1	Carls mom makes the best banana sandwich .	She never revealed her secret ingredient though .
1	There was someone that he had n't seen before and started to draw .	She noticed and decided to sit next to him .
1	She started her own book club in the university center .	They had great discussions and Fran really enjoyed herself .
0	The man shot Bill several times .	He insulted a large man with a firearm .
1	John had a strong fear of the devil .	His mother warned him not to ever sin .
0	And the one in front of that one moved to do so as well .	The car he wanted to cut in front of blocked the space !
0	And the boy threatened to sharpen it to annoy Gina .	The pencil was brand new .
0	I could splash around for hours .	My favorite part of summer is swimming in the pool .
0	The other passenger agreed to drop Susan off first .	She hopped in a cab only to find someone else was already in it !
0	The official disqualified the contestant who made the plate .	He had to be scored to the hospital .
0	When he put the cake into the oven , it only took about 30 minutes .	He got all the ingredients together and preheated the oven .
0	They decided that next year they would just exchange cards .	They laughed that their gifts canceled out .
0	I bought supplies and found a guide online .	I needed a shed to contain my yard tools .
1	When Alice arrived she saw she had seats near the stage .	She was thrilled the whole night .
1	The seam busted again .	I decided to get a new pair of pants .
1	So she took the keyboard outside .	And she sprayed air at it with a compressed air canister .
0	Kelly then realized she was stood up .	A half hour passed and no Stacey .
1	The ID inside the wallet listed a nearby address .	I drove to the address and returned the wallet .
1	Another girl showed her what to do but she did not speak english well .	Theresa said all the files needed to be in alphabetical order .
1	Sam decided to try and make clothes of silk .	Sam soon sold out his supply and was a rich man !
1	Nina had a secret .	She had dropped out .
1	Everyone showed up .	Larry had a great time on the lake .
1	He decided to improvise the piece .	Everyone was amazed by his performance .
0	But there , under the tree , was a big new fish tank !	On Christmas morning , Bob was n't very hopeful .
0	In a few seconds , he passed on the sidewalk .	He was walking funny since he felt tired .
1	He set his alarm for seven in the morning .	But then he woke up at noon !
1	The campfires were the best .	We now feel so rested .
1	Kelly wanted to try out for soccer this year .	She was nervous but confident she could do it .
0	The brush was full of old hair from previous brushings .	Pat went to brush his hair with his favorite brush .
0	After high school , she became a personal shopper .	Then Amanda found a perfect solution .
0	Angel continued to play and played an excellent show .	When he realized that nobody noticed he felt relieved .
1	I once needed to write a story .	I decided to write about dragons .
1	She went upstairs when she noticed her door was open .	She peeked inside and saw her husband kissing some girl .
1	I was talking on my phone in the car the other day .	Since I was n't paying attention I ran a stop sign .
1	Humpback whales are huge !	My friend has a recording of the sound they make under the water .
1	The teacher was n't in the room .	Someone in her class had taken pencils from her .
0	Charlie laughed and the boys went to get ice cream .	Nobody was able to get the coin from him .
1	Charlie found that he needed a new job if he wanted money .	He searched the classified ads for job openings .
0	The bacteria was non harmful .	The bacteria were then examined in a microscope .
0	A snake crawled within a few feet of her .	Jenna screamed in terror .
1	Finally she sat down and went to take it .	To her surprise it was not that bad .
0	Just then a van pulled up behind her and she was unable to back up .	She realized she would need to back up to get up the hill .
1	We got onto the boat , wearing raincoats .	We visited the wax museum .
0	Their parents checked their school 's website to see if it was closed .	At least two feet had fallen and it was still snowing .
0	I lost it on our walk today .	She needs it to go to sleep .
0	Jim and his family finished their swing set right as the sun set .	Jim looked on the Internet until he found the perfect one .
1	He had an apartment with some other guys .	He ran out of the groceries his mother had stocked up for him .
0	There were only a few more days left before they had to return .	The trip had been a great success so far .
0	Lynn suggested they sneak to the park .	Amy and Kim stayed over Lynn 's house .
0	I decided on some camel colored boots .	I needed some new boots for the winter .
0	The star was so large compared to the tree however .	He put the star on the top most branch pointing upwards .
1	I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it .	He never listens to anything I say so he wo n't do that .
0	Bryan had fun that day and felt happy when he got home .	At night , they were able to see the stars using the telescope .
1	Then , her friend offered to give her her old tree .	Laney thanked her a ton .
1	She thought that she would n't get caught .	Her teacher found out and gave her detention the next day .
0	Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health .	One day , Jenny 's sister got pregnant by accident .
1	Sam went to practice every day and worked very hard .	Sam never missed a game and her team made it to the championship .
0	The boss was impressed by her level of commitment .	The next morning she handed it in on time .
1	Unfortunately , they had already spent a lot for the buffet price .	So , they made sure to take some leftovers .
0	He enrolled in community college and bought an apartment .	When Thomas graduated high school , he wanted to run track .
1	Lorraine did not want to clean her room .	Her mama offered her two quarters .
1	We played in a run down playground on Tyler Street .	One day my brother and I were climbing a structure .
0	Suddenly , the cops arrived .	Alex was at a house party .
1	Ants were all over the sticky mess .	Gina was in the house , unaware .
1	She was shocked when the jeweler said all her rings were fake !	So evil Eva finished her lonely life in poverty .
0	While getting in the car , it accidentally slipped out of her hands .	Ellen received a beautiful , helium-filled balloon for her birthday .
1	I had to scrape away at it with steel wool .	By the time I went through two wool pads it was clean .
1	Mary went home and began playing but still had trouble .	She smashed the piano keys with her hands and broke a finger .
0	I had to go to the shop to buy new headphones .	I tried to fix them but it was no use .
0	When the time came , She walked across the stage .	She walked up and down stairs in them .
1	Tim fed the bears .	The bears got sick .
0	She eventually seeks long term help for him .	Paloma is at her wits end .
0	The took it the their car and tied it down .	It was the perfect size .
1	Maria always found cards when she went walking on the streets of NYC .	They were old playing cards , such as the 2 of clubs , or 3 of spades .
1	We visited Philadelphia in 2005 .	We took the train from Boston .
0	It fit her perfectly and so she decided to buy it .	The salesperson picked out a pretty dress for Cara .
0	He asked her for coffee .	Nala met a cute guy at the mall .
1	His friends said he should try it .	He decided to take golf lessons .
0	He promised to stay in touch with each of them .	He spent four hours saying bye to his best friends .
1	It was n't funny at all but her brother Sam started laughing at her .	As Linda got up off the floor she threw a pillow at Sam .
0	But soon he was riding quickly and steadily !	At first he wobbled unsteadily .
1	Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work .	She cuddled with him on the couch while he recovered .
0	She was excited to finally be a bus driver !	Carol had easily passed her test !
0	He also bought a brand new suit .	Bob got a haircut from his barber .
1	Gina gave the old book to the librarian .	When ready , she returned with the book she wanted to read next .
0	The parking lot was full so she had to park her car elsewhere .	Ruth went to a flea market to shop for interesting things .
1	One day a Bob and his family moved in .	Jill told me Bob looked familiar .
1	The screw tore a hole in my tent .	I tried to repair the tent but it was not fixing the problem .
1	The message he was told to paint was spelt wrong but he did n't care .	He felt his job was in the painting and not the spelling .
1	Finally when she bought it they were on sale .	Kelly was happy to get it .
0	Down the beach the sea oats were on fire .	Joe was on the beach with some friends .
0	They were there to control the mice in the building .	We had cats in our workplace .
0	As he fell , he felt something in his back pocket bump him .	As he went back to the car , he slipped on a patch of ice .
1	Remy was shopping .	He noticed some dark clouds coming in .
0	It ate the bug and Jordan was able to relax again .	The cat quickly hunted down the bug .
0	Bill is proud that he will soon have a master 's degree .	However , when he gets to graduate school , he feels great .
0	Overall I 'd say it was worth it .	I later realized he was trying to pick me up .
0	Josh named his parrot Polly and called his name every day .	He was lonely living by myself .
1	He decided to have fun and dance .	Then he got really sick .
0	James realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone .	His friends were upset so they went home .
0	The children ate three plates of food each .	The Smith family went to a buffet .
1	I woke up one morning and got ready for work .	I began to feel queasy while driving on the road .
1	She wanted a light color and he wanted darker .	Finally they played rock , paper , scissors .
0	Instead of complaining Bill simply ate the steak .	Bill was upset to see the steak was overcooked .
0	At the bottom of the river I saw something glittery .	I was in the river fishing one day .
0	When the turbulence stopped , Greg realized how lucky he was .	Greg was terrified and believed he would die .
0	As I started walking , I found $ 10 on the ground .	I decided to take a long walk down the street .
1	Until his finger got caught and he started screaming .	Josh ended up in surgery but did n't lose his finger .
0	By the time the cancer was diagnosed , my grandmother needed hospice .	My grandmother had a rare uterine cancer that went undetected .
0	Then , the ducks came and ate it .	She tore it up and put it on the ground .
0	In addition , He never sends the mail directly to someone .	He flirted with several young girls that were ordinary neighbors .
1	James worked very hard and made eight dollars .	He went out to play and when he came back there was only six dollars .
1	He poured some water in a glass and went to his living room .	He sat down on his couch and turned on the tv .
0	We ran so much I thought I was on the track team .	The first two weeks of practice we did n't even touch a ball , just ran .
0	He hated being stuck in small spaces with others .	He had an abiding fear of people .
0	So instead she decided to just order pizza .	Unfortunately , she did n't have all of the ingredients she needed .
0	I had kept my files on my home computer and emailed them to her .	She asked if I could recall the project .
0	Then one day his teacher made an announcement .	He wished he had more friends , but his classmates were aloof .
0	To her dismay , her doctor had said she was having a girl .	But she really wanted a boy .
1	She passed the Smith house and said hello the their dog .	She loved their dog Jake very much .
0	He was so moved , he nearly cried !	Soon he saw his little girl playing her role .
0	Bob went to the emergency room to get treated .	Bob immediately hiked out of the woods .
0	Emily was offended by this .	Gavin said that Emily was a bad cook .
1	He loved walking slowly .	He liked to enjoy the scenery .
1	Tammy needed money badly .	She did not know what to do .
1	His parents kept saying he was too young .	He decided to sneak into a theater
0	She was very sick the next day .	And ended up eating 5 pounds of wings .
0	He prints signs and spreads the word about an upcoming show .	He 's passionate about what he does .
1	He gathered some friends and attended it .	The crowd was too mellow for Brian 's enthusiasm .
0	At the shelter , she was given the job of cleaning cages .	She decided to volunteer at a shelter .
0	Much to their amazement , she won three games in a row .	When one of the girls had to go home , they finally let her play .
0	The grandmother sat him down and taught him how to knit .	He gave it to his grandmother as a present .
1	Diana picked two people and they immediately walked towards her .	However , Stanley picked someone who was stubborn .
1	Her favorite bars were on sale for 20 % off .	She decided to stock up .
1	Then , he spotted a vending machine .	Inside , there were bags of Skittles .
1	He studied for a few minutes , but decided he knew all the information .	The day before the tests , Jake was talking with his friends .
1	Conrad has never worn one before , but he finds that he loves it .	He is very happy to have a scarf for the cold weather .
1	Chancey had never eaten pork .	He found pork off-putting .
1	Ellen really wanted another cookie .	Her mother told her no .
1	He hated his job .	He could never get his substitute students to quiet down .
0	She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother .	Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike .
0	He tripped over a shovel and crashed into the hay pile .	Steve walked into his barn to grab some hay to feed the horses .
1	Suddenly , her teacher informed her that she was missing a requirement .	She had to add a 3D element to her piece .
1	Bob loved his car .	His car was old with chipped paint .
1	Joey always wanted a puppy of his very own .	His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one .
1	Amy 's flight was at 5AM .	She decided to go to sleep early and laid down at 9PM .
1	My burrito ended up breaking in pieces .	I immediately took it out and started to clean everywhere .
0	I went off on my own on the mountain .	I went skiing with my family .
0	She was n't supposed to spend any extra money .	Suddenly she noticed a sign for a huge shoe sale .
0	Their mother made them go outside .	They spent the morning arguing .
1	It was extremely frightening for him	He could hear the walls and the floor creak .
1	I bought a new garage door opener .	It took 5 hours to put it together and install it .
1	And he quickly tossed aside the book when he finished .	When Omar took his calculus test , he had no idea what to do .
0	My photos appeared to be regulation sized .	They require two identical photos .
0	He went to the doctor to cure his illness .	Several hours later he fell ill .
1	He had gotten detention for swearing in class .	James was grounded for a week .
1	He was determined to quit on his birthday .	When it was his birthday , he threw out all his cigarettes .
0	They play very hard but in the end the other team wins .	He finds a bunch of guys playing and decides to join one team .
0	She had a bipolar husband .	My sister in law broke her ankle one year .
1	Jed listened to the woman and wrote down her design ideas .	He spent a full week working hard on the dress , trying a few ideas .
0	Bill was very happy with how his ham turned out !	He bought the biggest ham he could find .
1	He needed to be ready for it .	He went out to buy a new suit .
1	Billy kept crying in his room every day .	His mom noticed it and asked him why .
1	Ianna walked into the bookstore .	The front desk worker greeted her .
0	It was a quiet evening when the weather alert began to go off .	Keesha and her family lived in Kansas .
0	Gina saw the Ice Cream parlor she loved .	They were in town and driving to her grandma 's house .
0	He ended up with 10 fish by the end of the day .	He tried it out for the first time .
1	Alice put on her headphones and began a Skype call .	She 'd been offered a guest spot on her favorite podcast .
0	He started reading books right away .	Ben knew that if he read the most books he would win .
1	It was the first night Beth was playing Juliet in school play .	When it was time to go on stage Beth froze .
0	She had to be hospitalized .	Ava had a miscarriage .
1	The black ones caught my eye .	I immediately picked them up and bought them .
0	His daughter informed Dan she had money saved and would fix it .	Dan sadly told his daughter her car was not going to be repaired .
1	I left work early to be able to make it to the venue early .	When I arrived , I saw the band getting out of their tour bus .
0	Then I would invent a storyline and write my report .	Instead , I would create a fake author and title for a book .
0	He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was .	One day , Dan let his dog out in the back yard .
1	Her dentist recommended one for her .	It was no where near her home .
0	Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck !	Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone .
0	He thought that there was nothing he could do .	However he was broke .
0	A few hours later , somebody bought the painting for a lot of money .	The day after he finished it , he brought it into his studio .
1	My husband had never accompanied me before .	This time he decided he wanted to go with me .
0	She would try to wake at six but sleep until eight every day !	Helen always overslept in the mornings before school .
0	I barely knew the words , but it would n't get out of my head .	I had been humming the song No Scrubs for the months .
0	Before she left again , she put on a rain coat .	She went back home to change her clothes .
1	Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise .	He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed .
0	When they called her name as winner , she was so happy .	She was nervous as the judges tasted all the cakes .
1	Runny yolk spilled out of the egg .	Kia went hungry that day .
0	His face was barely recognizable .	In the war , he got burned really badly .
0	She had a nice meal with her friends	She had seen a movie and was now at dinner
0	She went outside to see what it was .	Kelly heard a stone hit her window .
0	He 'd run out of cash a week ago .	Adrian badly needed money .
1	Dan bought a ticket to a dance in Estonia .	He 'd never been to one before .
0	The couple fled the scene and left their hike in their car .	Vince pulled out his bear spray and hand gun and unloaded on the bear .
1	When she went , she got a good report .	She was cancer free .
0	As Joe was putting a quarter into a machine he looked up .	They decided they would skip school to go to the arcade .
1	I spent the day cleaning the carpets .	I walked across the clean fluffy carpets in my home .
1	I am painting a house with my wife .	My wife tends to be messy .
1	He went to see his favorite band .	The line was long outside .
1	Before she got to her exit the traffic came to a stop .	The wind blew hard and the sign over the highway waved back and forth .
0	One day , my father passed away .	I was very religious .
1	Timmy could n't play in the game because of his ankle .	John picked Cory to play in the game instead , and they won !
0	Excited , we gave her the gift .	We decided to put our money together and get her the tablet .
1	But she knew she would n't make it to the toilet .	She pulled her dress down and pooped into the beverage cooler .
0	It 's normally not a big deal .	She was found playing in the kid 's playground after hours .
1	He was inside of a smoothie shop inquiring about a position .	The manager interviewed him and it went well .
0	It was particularly bad .	They needed to gather data .
1	And he made an excuse that he was feeling sick .	Ron noticed how happy they were afterwards and regret riding it .
0	There , she was able to pick up some corn .	She decided to go back to the store .
1	Bob saw a black and white puppy that he liked .	Bob adopted the puppy and named him Spot .
0	When Jeff got home he did not bother to open the box .	Billy tried to imagine what was inside the box .
0	He started going to Boot Camp every day and got really buff .	He had never done such a hard race and was afraid of how it would go .
1	Kate loved using coupons .	She always found great deals .
1	He decided to break up with all but one of them .	They all cried when he told them .
1	They came home and prepared tacos .	The Johnsons had tacos for dinner .
1	She saved every dime that she made .	Jade made enough money and took her dream trip to Disney .
1	Monica likes to cook .	Yesterday she decided to bake a cake .
1	Soon the wind and snow was raging !	The snowstorm was severe and intimidating .
0	Billy got so into vacuuming that he lost track of time .	He went to his closet to get his favorite vacuum .
1	Pete was a big music fan .	He loved spending time at local record stores .
0	Sam was so grateful and never forgot the wonderful gift .	Sam 's dad purchased tickets to a local college basketball game .
0	He got up and off at the stop before hers , everyday .	She watched everyday as he took off his glasses and closed his eyes .
1	After 2-3 hours he took it out and placed it on the table .	When Janice looked at the bottom , the fish was raw .
0	Sasha was very hurt .	However , her friend met a new friend and began talking to her less .
1	I am so excited for everyone to watch the show .	I will twirl around the stage .
1	Rajesh was a new employee at a call center .	He called a woman in Tennessee .
0	Her Aunt came early to do the flowers .	She invited a lot of friends and planned a nice lunch .
0	Macy wrote a letter to a talented musician for help .	As she began , she had a lot of trouble .
0	One day he decided to trying dying his hair .	He did n't like the gray , but felt that he dying his hair was dishonest
0	I was lucky I was n't in an accident due to that awful insect .	I pulled over to the shoulder and the wasp flew out .
1	Neil 's guide helped him book a camel trip .	Neil was thrilled by his camel ride through the desert !
1	One foot collapsed to the ground and she felt her ankle break .	Her lover took her to the hospital and they put a pin in her ankle .
0	Just as they were preparing to leave , Bo got a tug on his rod .	They waited for hours , but the fish were n't biting .
0	He put in his paperwork and retired .	Byron thought it was time to retire .
0	Her second month on the job , Lee won an award for best work .	She started a second job , to save money for a vacation .
1	Desi wanted her own aquarium very badly .	She knew nothing about fish , but she began to research .
1	They never thought a tornado would actually hit .	The roof started coming off the school .
0	Now Jason is a pro and can write his own fancy letters .	Jason signed up and practiced on his calligraphy for a year .
0	Gus 's owners bought a thundershirt to make Gus calmer on rainy days .	If he hears the rainy falling he paws at the glass door .
1	Mister Song was a brilliant concert pianist .	One day at a concert his piano was in horrible pitch .
1	His phone would always run out of battery before his shift ended .	He would be bored at the end of his shift .
1	Sarah was on a bus to her work .	She had to pee very badly .
0	I started to fall asleep in my chair .	The articles were interesting , but made me sleepy .
0	It was clearly abandoned .	One day , she came upon a little cottage in the woods .
1	It had been weeks .	He was enjoying the beautiful scenery .
0	To my shagrin , all the shark died and were eaten by the sweet fish .	I tried to turn her sweet tank into a shark tank .
1	To him a scrape needed stitches and a bruise was a break .	Every day he would run inside to tell his mom to call the ambulance .
1	The beggar told him tales of his travels and woes .	The rich man gave him 23 cents and walked on .
0	The person on the other line was breathing on the phone .	I decided to answer and say hello .
0	For the next two months she practiced all the lines .	She read the script and saw a part that she wanted to play .
0	I got into my car and went on the road .	I put on a nice set of clothes .
0	Dan felt it would be fun to see his classmates again .	In addition , Dan feared he would not notice anyone there .
1	She was doing her best but her score was not the highest .	It seemed like another girl was going to win .
1	The dorm room doors are often open .	She went out for class one day .
1	His girlfriend said yello .	His best friend said blue .
1	The audience gasped at this reveal .	The candidate got the crowd to clap in a steady beat .
0	She decided she would stay in the basement all day .	Gina woke up at noon to discover it was another hot day .
1	She watched him eat it and saw the smile on his face .	She knew she had done a good job !
1	I had to wait a week for the snow to melt .	In all that time I was unable to check my mail .
1	When the monkey grew up , he sired a family of his own .	These monkeys were very smart and people loved to watch them .
0	Thankfully the only thing that burned was grass .	The fire department got things under control in a few hours .
0	The whole house smelled like smoke .	The turkey was on fire !
1	They stole the teachers eraser and started to throw it around .	Elena did n't approve of what they were doing and told the teacher .
0	He invited some friends .	Stephen wanted to have a house party .
1	He drove to the store .	He purchased the items on the list .
0	Jane purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend .	Jane put down the curling iron and went to the register .
0	Bill and his friends were eager to try the new ride .	It was opening for the season at last .
0	Finally she found a pair .	She searched everywhere for the perfect pair .
1	After high school , Ben joined the Air Force .	Ben is now an Air Force drone pilot .
1	Jeff is very strong and muscular .	He loved to help friends with lifting furniture .
0	When they go to their room they found a mess .	They checked in .
0	Suddenly a bear came crashing out of the woods !	He decided to have some marshmallows for a snack .
0	She goes through with it .	She decides she needs to abort .
1	Aaron was a skater .	He was in the skate park skating in the afternoon .
1	As I was cleaning , the buns caught in fire !	I put out the fire and vowed never to make hot buns again .
0	He finally bought some boots .	He did not want to be made fun of by his friends .
0	Alex paid his fine .	Alex was bored when he sat through driving school .
0	She searched everywhere for the source .	She was trying to cook but some smell was disgusting .
0	They decided to ask an expert to settle it .	They could n't settle the debate after hours of discussion .
1	And no one saw .	But later , he noticed that his friend bought nothing for lunch .
1	I was washing my hands .	I noticed a large spider in the sink .
0	He fell off the board and got knocked out .	One day he was riding a monster wave .
0	It also got louder .	The sound got closer .
0	Mommy woke up the next morning all better .	We had orange juice to drink .
1	As I was drinking it , a car stopped .	I had to slam on my brakes .
1	The basketball game was tied 30-30 .	One of the players had been fouled and was up to shoot .
1	When he got outside his do was nowhere to be found .	Jake began searching the neighborhood but had no luck .
0	Hallie now wears shoes when she is outside .	She cut it so bad she had to have stitches .
0	She went out for class one day .	The dorm room doors are often open .
1	Kim begged her mother to take her to see the movie .	Kim was sad when her mother said they could n't go .
1	One day , she came upon a little cottage in the woods .	It was clearly abandoned .
1	Kelly heard a stone hit her window .	She went outside to see what it was .
1	Darcy failed two classes in school .	Her parents grounded her until her grades improved .
1	Usually he catches a fish every night .	Yesterday he did n't catch any dish because he had to leave early .
1	I spent an hour staring at a problem that was confusing .	Since it was too complicated , I started to get a headache .
1	So i took it to get trained .	The first few days she showed no progress .
1	She entered her paintings into contests and hoped to win .	She knew that could be her big break .
1	We lived in the city when we got married in 1981 .	One day a pigeon sat on an empty flower pot by our fire escape .
1	She held her dog 's leash in her hand .	Her retriever tugged on the leash as Lisa followed .
0	When he took the test the next day , he flunked again	Turner went home and played video games instead of studying .
0	He secured the piece into the hole using glue .	The saw sprang to life in his hands as he cut out the piece .
1	I tried to fix them but it was no use .	I had to go to the shop to buy new headphones .
0	The doctor said he had a terrible infection and needed an operation .	He had a doctor look at it .
1	Everyone was mostly out in the sun playing volleyball .	After a few hours , Harry received several sunburns .
0	Mark enjoyed his new life as a Florida resident .	Although the move was a hassle , Mark enjoyed his new home .
1	The sound got closer .	It also got louder .
1	John went on a camping trip with his brother Mark .	They found a good spot for camp deep in the woods .
0	He parked the car and assessed the situation .	Paul felt the heat when he got close to the fire .
0	Ken checked the expiration date on the gallon .	When he opened the milk a foul odor filled the room .
1	By the time he got to the phone it stopped .	Dave cursed loudly and punched the phone .
0	Amy was upset because she liked her current desk .	Amy 's boss told her he wanted to move her to a new desk .
1	Derek was a great basketball player .	His team had a big game coming up and he was nervous .
1	Rachael has a dog named Beau .	Beaux does not like to take baths .
1	Luckily she made a friend the first day .	Her name was lily .
0	They decide to keep him even though their landlord does n't allow pets .	Tim and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep .
0	He is terrified at first , but loves the adrenaline rush .	He decides to ride the biggest roller coaster at the park .
1	Brian was amazed by the variety of colors .	He bought one for every color of the rainbow .
0	In doing so , she accidentally spilled some juice on Ashley .	The attendant happily poured Ashley a small cup and handed it to her .
1	Arnold was a healthy young man but he did have on problem .	Arnold was really skinny for his height .
0	After studying engineering he got a great job at a local company .	Jakub had hoped to spend his entire life living in America .
1	Tom had a bad tooth ache .	He screamed at night because of the pain .
1	Gina went to her teacher requesting his desk be moved .	The teacher was hesitant initially .
0	She accidentally spilled the soup across the table .	She tried to gently put it on the table , but it was too hot .
1	Once he gave the final wipe the window was spotless .	He was so proud that he took a picture of the clear window .
0	He went to a eye doctor and was told he needed surgery .	Brett was having trouble seeing out of his eyes .
0	She had to go to a new school and make new friends .	When Joy was ten Year 's old , her family moved .
0	His uncle showed him how to milk a cow .	Tom was visiting his uncle 's farm .
0	He took his date there only to find out they only took reservations .	His friend suggested they go to a new restaurant which just opened .
0	He pretends to browse in her area that she is working .	He is too scared to approach her .
1	Although he refused to eat it , his mom threatened him to eat it .	After taking his first bite , Ben threw up .
1	Finally Charles decided to apply himself and work harder .	He just barely passed all of his classes .
0	Alissa hated disney .	He invited his friend Alissa .
0	One day his boss asked him to stay over and work late .	Howard loved his job .
0	He packed a sleeping bag and some food in his car .	John wanted to go wilderness camping .
1	She decided to write short stories instead .	She wrote one as quick as she could .
0	Bob earned a bunch of points for his contributions that day .	He could barely walk around wearing all that stuff !
1	She wanted to make chicken pot pie for her family .	She bought all the ingredients at the store .
1	I felt like it was very hot in my room .	I got up to turn on the fan .
0	She asked them if she could play alongside them .	She saw other kids playing and longed to join them .
0	She had run out of things to do .	Bella was having a boring Saturday .
0	Sara was going to be a mom !	At her appointment , the doctor confirmed the good news .
0	She went outside to walk her dog .	Whitney had gone all year without breaking a phone .
1	She never was the sporty type , but wanted to get in touch with nature .	The hike was arduous , but the fresh air and sunlight were wonderful .
1	The membership allows him to work out for a year .	Tyrese got very distracted during the year .
0	My wife makes the popcorn .	My kids pick the movie .
0	After a long search , they finally found and bought the perfect one .	One day , the Joneses called a realtor and started looking at houses .
1	She cut it so bad she had to have stitches .	Hallie now wears shoes when she is outside .
0	When she arrived in school , she looked in all directions .	Nate could n't stop calling Diana .
1	I hated my name .	I decided to change it .
1	It was cold so I brought my jacket .	I found a bench and tried to read by the lake .
1	She purchased a new CPU and more RAM for her computer .	After installing the parts , her computer much smoother .
0	Ben played varsity football , however , and easily avoided Wesley .	Wesley raced towards Ben , meaning to push him in the water .
1	Then he went to a bar to share his song so far .	The people there loved his song so far .
0	Her parents grounded her until her grades improved .	Darcy failed two classes in school .
0	But he was leaving soon , so it was time for a change .	He loved the pasta and meatballs !
0	I grabbed my tools and worked hard on fixing it .	I put a large book on the surface and the table suddenly collapsed .
0	I was the only person who voted for the position .	I voted for myself as a write-in candidate .
0	We went up the highway .	We went to North Conway .
1	Mark had a nasty cough .	He tried to cover his mouth but it was too late .
1	He had a friend helped him install it .	The car ran great and Ned was happy .
0	Kelly thought it was amazing .	When she tried it she loved it .
0	Silas and his family moved to Los Angeles .	His parents knew their son could be famous .
1	Tryouts for his school 's team were in one month .	Jose practiced his soccer skills day in and day out .
0	Phil tried to run to prepare for the race .	Phil wanted to run a marathon .
1	Her mom wanted her to feel confident .	She signed her up for some lessons .
1	Ray could n't get an irritating tune out of his head .	He tried to distract himself , but the melody kept repeating itself .
0	He got up and limped across the field .	Jon tripped and fell on the grass .
0	He gave the hamburger back and walked away .	He asked if there 's pickles and I immediately said no .
1	Brooke and Whit were supposed to meet for dinner .	Whit waited and waited .
0	She followed the sun back to her camp .	Then she remembered to check the sun and head east .
1	He paced some more , until he stopped in the middle of the room .	Simon counted his fingers again , but there was no mistake about it .
1	Kelly and her friends decided to have a hot dog contest .	The girls competed against each other .
0	When it was over , everyone said he did fine .	He ate as neatly as possible .
0	He sat down on his couch that was dirty .	One day he came home from a long day at work .
0	I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know .	They told lies about the process to convince us we could n't vote .
0	She was trying when her boyfriend dumped her .	The next day , Haley ran into Nancy .
0	Tyler knows he needs to change his lifestyle .	That evening he had a heart attack .
0	She hoped her students would like her !	It was Molly 's first day as a teacher .
0	He walked around the cemetery .	He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day every year .
1	On January 10 , 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven .	I put a sticky trap under the oven .
1	John went into the kitchen to make some soup .	He put a bowl of soup into the microwave .
1	He lost a few pounds .	He exercised even more and lost more weight .
1	He was fifteen and ready to work .	He applied at several stores near his home .
0	She always copied from her desk partner , Carrie .	Eugena hated doing math in class .
0	Everything came easy for Barbie , one simply had to change her clothes .	She had jobs , hobbies , chores and dates that required a gown .
1	The teacher assigned us to a partner for an assignment .	I introduced myself to my partner and asked her for her name .
0	There he bought many delicious cheeses .	He got ready and went to the grocery store .
1	Her work caused a panic when her manager thought they lost a lot .	Jen did n't want to say that she faked her numbers so she went with it .
1	Horatio flies to Oaxaca , Mexico to try tequila .	He has one sip and loves it !
1	She tried to ignore it for a few days , but it kept getting worse .	Annie 's mother begged her to get to the dentist to have it checked .
1	Danielle was having trouble seeing in class .	Her teacher recommended an eye test .
1	When the Anthony reunion invitations went out , everyone came .	All guest arrived the following day .
1	Dave head up a bank teller at gunpoint and demanded all the money .	The teller recognized Dave from their high school days .
1	At first she was unsteady on the roller blades .	It was n't long before Amy was off and going on her roller blades .
0	She was apprehensive about their first meeting .	Rhea had never met the man .
0	He got caught going down hill in a low gear and could not slow down .	He had a lot of fun doing this .
1	She said I insulted her cooking abilities .	I thought I was trying to be constructive .
1	Alan played in the trumpet section for the Christmas parade .	It was so cold as he marched down Main Street that his valves froze .
0	They had to take shelter in a cave until it was dark .	All of a sudden , a storm came by .
1	Becca was going on a tour with her husband .	They had arranged to visit ten different local wineries .
0	They eventually had three children .	Jasper and Stacy got married when they were twenty years old .
0	She was enjoying her snow cone .	One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck .
1	Hew was really nervous when he finally met up with her .	He bought them their coffee and they sat down to chat .
1	One day , he meets a girl that is always sweet to him .	Alex decides to be nice back to the girl .
0	She brought it to school to show everyone .	Helena finally got the toy she had begged for for weeks .
0	She enjoyed the gifts .	I also bought her a pendant watch .
0	That 's when we put her back in her cage .	Usually she poops on us .
0	Ned felt much better about himself afterwards .	He went to the surgeon and had a nose job .
0	They looked up the scientific facts and showed them to me .	I told them that it might be some kind of placebo effect .
1	It was Molly 's first day as a teacher .	She hoped her students would like her !
0	She ordered chicken tenders - and they were delicious !	Ola decided to give up and order takeout instead of cooking .
0	He ate it very slowly and it was finally quiet .	I threw the steak over the fence to the dog .
1	Lucy was nervous about the Prom because she did n't have a date .	She really wanted to go with Brian so she decided she would ask him .
1	Linda was sketching in public .	Some people stopped to watch her .
0	His mom said it was okay as long as Will 's mom approved .	Matthew really wanted to have a play-date with Will .
0	Janet apologized and felt embarrassed .	Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake .
0	He wanted a real one , however .	He lover playing with it .
0	Sarah decided to go to the flower shop and buy a plant for it .	She took it home and cleaned it up with a fresh coat of paint .
0	The breakfast was a total disaster .	In the process , the eggs and the toast were burnt .
1	One day , her owners decided to adopt a new kitten .	Minnie growled and hissed at the new arrival .
1	He opened it at home to jot down a note .	In the notebook was a lot of notes from the old owner .
1	His brother had never played before either .	They played four games , and Max lost all four of them .
1	Hannah ended up with a broken nose .	She immediately went to the hospital .
0	The kids began to jump on the large pile of leaves .	Her niece and nephew came out and decided to help .
0	Things were taking a while and Sara was getting anxious .	Sara 's mom was about to have a baby .
0	Ryan 's girlfriend loved her quilts .	Her quilts were beautiful .
0	He started the race strong .	He received encouragement from friends and family .
1	Billy was enamored by the magic tricks that the magician performed .	Billy was shocked when on his birthday his dad gave him a magic set .
1	Ellie 's mom wanted her to study harder , and graduate from high school .	Instead , Ellie went to the beach and surfed for hours .
0	Rob was successfully treated , becoming a famous medical case study !	It was caused by untreated salmonella , which happens very rarely .
1	He sold two lamps at his store .	He put two lamps in his kitchen .
0	So for the time being he 's not allowed to sleep in my bed !	Not just little farts - there were ones you could hear across the room
0	His mom always said that his friend had a lovely house .	Tim went with his mom .
1	Jose started to panic .	Then he realized it was just the phone battery had died .
1	They sat down to eat and Sandy tasted the sauce .	It was not good but he ate it anyway .
0	Bella was surprised with a new doll .	Her mother decided she deserved to be rewarded for her behavior .
1	They decided to have a movie night .	Neither could decide on what to watch .
1	A mentor told him to laugh at himself and keep on going .	Charles took his advice and laughed at himself .
0	She ordered steak tacos .	She went to her local Mexican restaurant .
1	Brent wanted to shoot a deer .	Brent put on his camouflage gear .
1	They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning .	Vicky eats a delicious stack of pancakes .
1	The morning of the quiz , he crammed .	And he did great on the quiz !
1	He showed us , then chased us down for money .	He followed us for several miles , and we were scared .
0	He said that her shoes are extremely cheap .	Jeff insulted Carrie in school .
1	Tom immediately called the exterminator .	The exterminator sprayed his entire home with insecticide .
0	It rained so hard , the family had to go home .	When they arrived , the family was greeted by constant rain .
0	As he sat down at the table he heard a snap .	Ken went to his friend 's house for dinner .
1	He had her now , but she was still afraid .	He wanted to calm the child 's mind .
0	When Johnson got home he decided to move to Las Vegas .	As he arrived , he knew Las Vegas was everything he dreamt of .
0	He adopts a son and becomes a great father .	A friend recommends he try adopting a son instead .
0	To pay for the lessons , Mitch got a job delivering the newspaper .	Unfortunately , his family was too poor to afford piano lessons .
0	She never revealed her secret ingredient though .	Carls mom makes the best banana sandwich .
0	It was a great birthday .	He was very grateful for all of it .
0	All the sudden , the planchette started moving slowly .	We both put our hands on it to play .
0	Suddenly , it started raining .	Tom was playing kickball with his friends .
0	She went to the doctor to find out why .	Sarah was not feeling well .
1	Whenever he does n't have coffee , he gets a slight headache .	He decides to stop drinking any coffee .
1	Finally she is finished cleaning the dishes .	She sleeps soundly after a long but enjoyable day .
1	Aria had applied for a school a few months ago .	She had just received a response in the mail .
1	My dogs got exhausted .	When we got home they slept for hours .
0	Snow was piled high atop her car .	And outside the snow was falling hard .
1	Charles was forty one years	His daughter was twenty and they did n't get along .
1	Jason loved toast and therefore worked at a company called Toast .	One day his job held a meeting for all of its employees .
0	The coach would beg him every year to play for the team .	Steve was the best baseball player at his school .
0	Will challenged him to a final game .	He was already down four games .
0	I found out that we were born from the same country .	A girl introduced herself to me .
1	The girls were canoeing a local river .	Cassie had a really hard time with the paddles .
1	His appearance deceiving to Mark as he was sure he would win .	To his surprise the man outplays him in every way .
1	I went to the shelter to see the available cats .	I met a siamese cat that I liked .
0	Word got back to the principal about the teacher 's method .	The teacher spun crazy tales before getting down to work .
1	Soon , the cat began to trust Jim and followed him inside his home .	Now , Jim 's cat lives in Jim 's house and it is his pet .
1	He was walking in a nearby park , smoking away one day .	He started talking to a man , and the man responded with a voice box .
1	When she was done she handed it to the store worker .	They cleaned her mug for her and gave it back .
1	He spent many hours creating videos of scenic outdoor nature shots .	Tim made millions from his videos on YouTube .
1	I told her it 's ok and that everything will be just fine .	I hugged her and let her know everything will be ok .
1	Suddenly , John noticed the display window for the local candy shop .	John went inside the shop to purchase some candy .
0	One night , Bobby saw his friend get robbed and beaten badly .	His mother always warned him to be in earlier , but Bobby never cared .
0	She succeeded and now Jen 's not worried about her mom getting cancer .	Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking .
0	On Monday , Bobby made an A on his Algebra test .	Over the weekend , his friend helped Bobby understand Algebra .
0	Chocolate was his favorite so he ate all that he made .	He just made a bunch of it for xmas .
0	The man spent the rest of the day helping the rescue team .	He asked the rescue team if they needed any help .
1	The bus came to my stop .	Several kids were walking inside .
0	When she was done , Sue admired the neat rows of different seeds .	As she planted a row of seeds , she marked it with the seed packet .
0	Tiffany does research and sets out to begin making her own soap .	She sees many stores selling beautiful homemade soap .
1	However , she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview .	It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy .
1	He hates wearing glasses .	He took his glasses off and stepped on them .
1	Next , she tried the spearmint candy .	Jess walked out of the store with one of each flavor of candy .
0	The day of the big game had arrived and he was nervous .	Willy had butterflies in his stomach .
1	She had it for Years and loved it .	Then she got pregnant .
1	But the girl was well dressed and looked very cool .	Heather feared the girl would be too cool to befriend her .
0	To celebrate , he took a few friends out for drinks .	Jim received his license today .
1	He kept saying duck .	Finally someone reminded him what goose meant .
1	I wanted to make scrambled eggs for breakfast .	My girlfriend ate the last eggs we had .
1	Amy had finally accepted her crush Ray was n't interested in her .	In class she sat next to her and began to speak to her .
0	Tom was surprised the bear ran off .	He scared the bear off by yelling .
1	I put vegetables and a knife on the counter .	I began to cut into the vegetables with the knife .
1	He went back home .	He decided to give up on a tree .
0	They gave me some local anesthetics .	I went to a doctor and had an appointment .
0	Their compromise was to sit on each other 's lap .	Both people were very stubborn about the situation .
1	I took a long nap .	I got another headache watching my favorite drama .
0	He never listens to anything I say so he wo n't do that .	I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it .
0	He would write everyday to get better .	His dream was to one day be a famous author .
1	The sun was high in the sky when the egg hunt started .	Soon , kids were opening eggs and bursting into tears .
0	In addition , India 's got to fulfill her dream of going inside an Igloo .	At the village , India got to eat local foods with the natives .
1	He got slightly lost on numerous back roads .	Jaime finally arrived home two hours later .
0	We hired a livery service for the wedding and reception .	Neither one of us drives very well .
1	She decided to make a poster with inspirational sayings on it .	She hung it up in her room and looked at it every day .
1	Then she slipped it onto his desk .	Anxiously she watched him read it .
0	He found that same hair resting on his plate when the food arrived .	Tony sat down in the restaurant to order food .
1	Charles knew letting a gay couple move in his apartment was a mistake .	But he needed the money for rent .
1	Tom and Sue were hungry for pancakes .	They got the ingredients together and started cooking .
0	One cat jumped off the fence to try to get back into the light .	A cloud passed over the sun and it bothered the cats .
1	Peter really wanted a new bicycle , but did n't have the money .	He decided to take some money from his mom 's hidden savings .
0	She said she liked the rough look I had .	I dug it out of the trash when I met a pretty girl .
0	They plan to meet at the library to study .	Lizzy met a new friend in biology class .
1	She would go with either polka dots , or puppies .	She decided black and white polka dots would coordinate easier .
0	Phil found a rack of lamb on sale .	Phil went to the grocery store .
0	Peter screamed and went to get a glass of water .	A red fire ant fell out .
1	Alex prays for help .	Help soon arrives , saving them from the endeavour .
1	Ben took his ATV to the beach .	He powered it up .
1	After each play he would come around passing out water .	He was there whenever they needed him .
1	My friend told me to try a local regression instead .	I agreed and implemented a locally weighted regression algorithm .
0	He did not have the money for a fancy dinner .	Doug wanted a surf and turf dinner .
1	Within seconds I was covered in pollen .	I ran back in sneezing like a crazy person .
0	She walked to the kitchen and found her parents at the table .	She knew once she left her parents were going to ground her .
1	A friend of her family 's decided to coach her in swimming .	She told Trina her weakness was in her take off , not her swimming .
0	She walked home slowly reveling in her pain .	She had been ignoring him first , but this was unexpected .
0	Jelly did n't want to get down .	They could n't believe the view .
0	He is happy to have the official high definition releases .	The first thing he buys is Walking Dead on Blu Ray .
0	Hal 's dog strained so hard , the leash broke !	A cat ran across their path .
0	Sam fell into the water .	He got too close and slipped .
0	She walked up to it .	She heard an animal crying .
1	One day , John told a particularly funny joke and Nick laughed .	Unfortunately , Nick began choking on his banana .
0	Ian ran into the bathroom so quickly that he slipped on the floor .	But it took 15 more minutes for his sister to get out .
0	Richie invited all his friends to come over .	He had the whole house to himself !
1	It began to feel jagged so he called the dentist .	Bob hates going to the dentist because it always hurts .
0	The day of prom , she decided to do her own hair .	However , she did n't have the money to get her hair done .
0	The car stopped right before hitting a tree .	Suddenly , she slid on ice .
1	After a long day of shoveling , Rex decides he has n't missed skiing .	He decides to always help his mother shovel instead of skiing .
1	Maggie was excited to watch it .	She watched the whole thing one night .
1	When he got home he put the same in smaller bottles .	Bob sold the exotic sand collections online .
1	He knows he is living beyond his means , but he does n't want to move .	Finally Horace decides to look for a new place .
1	She was watching cable at her Uncle Frank 's house .	There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before .
1	I once went to a concert where Dan Bern was performing .	It was a small venue with only one bathroom .
0	After a dozen tries I started to hit the nail straight .	I kept missing and bending the nail .
1	The nurse called for her doctor .	The doctor came to her room .
1	They found one very strange key that they finally fit to a safe .	Inside the safe was thousands of dollars worth of gold .
0	Kevin was tried as an adult and is serving a life sentence .	Her head shattered from the bullet he had n't known was in the chamber .
0	But 3 days later she still had n't told her .	She would find out where her mom bought it and let Gina know .
1	With a sad heart , her boyfriend gave the dog away .	The two married , and Ruth kept her secret .
1	Gina was excited to see all of her friends .	She had the same teacher as the last year .
0	He thought his friend was cheating at football .	The boy was frustrated .
0	Mark made a list of pros and cons to each activity .	On the list was going to the movies or taking a hike .
0	He decided to plant a tree .	Trenton loved apples .
0	Steven called his neighbor , and she brought him a shovel .	He could n't go to the store until he shoveled his driveway , though .
0	When she came across an exit , there was a construction sign .	Jane was going to her job .
0	One day the banging stopped .	All day he would hear banging from the apartment above .
1	Chad , most of all , loved the speed the boat traveled .	Chad could not wait to go on the speed boat again .
0	He still did n't believe her .	His mother told him he was n't real though .
0	She hoped to win .	Callie was entering a beauty pageant .
1	I decided that a walk might cheer me up .	I walked outside and it was very foggy .
0	Now Luke 's yard is always well maintenanced .	He decided to buy a used one at a pawn shop .
1	One of my favorite pizzas is from whole foods .	They have the best pizza .
1	She ran over and hugged her .	The girls caught each other up on their day before heading to class .
1	The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window !	Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later .
1	He buys 10 bags in total .	Hill wallet is empty now .
0	Hopping into the car , I quickly drove to the restaurant .	I quickly called Jeff and he confirmed they were already there !
0	It had no collar .	I brought in the house and gave it a bath .
0	They had been together for five years and no engagement .	Katie was getting mad at her boyfriend Tom .
0	There was a bad storm at the camp this week .	She had fun and made lots of friends there .
1	And he struggled with health problems and crime .	Ivan thought the game was depressing and stopped playing .
0	Ana and her friends had a great time !	They felt very comfortable after that .
1	My brother ate a lot of fried bread .	He wanted to get on the roller coaster .
1	The soda went up his nose , and the carbonation burned painfully .	He had to admit to himself that it was a case of just deserts .
0	I go to see games any time I get the chance .	I love the game of baseball .
1	She called her landlord and left a message begging for mercy .	The next day she had a message saying she had a 7 day extension .
0	She bought it and brought it home .	While she was out she saw a pretty one .
0	While a lot of them were similar , there were some unique ones too .	Everyone brought a different dish to pass .
0	He was on his way to his girlfriend 's house one day .	Steven was a dog lover .
1	Liz moved into a new neighborhood and a new school for her kids .	She did not know anyone and felt very lonely at times .
1	Mariah went to Italy .	She went to a popular restaurant there .
1	Lara was afraid of going .	But her mother forced her to go .
1	She got a C- on her first test .	She studied hard and worked with friends .
1	Gavin said that Emily was a bad cook .	Emily was offended by this .
1	Everyone in the class could n't stop looking at her .	On the side of her belly , there was a large mole .
1	Jason pressed the buzzer since he knew the answer .	When he said the answer out loud , the official declared it wrong .
1	One day , Carrie saw a small crab on the beach .	Carrie decided to also feed the friendly crab as well .
1	A sudden gust of wind blew towards her .	In addition , several of her papers broke loose from her bag .
1	Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am .	When a team member was late , everyone had to run extra .
0	She ended up having to sit inside the bus .	She had n't anticipated the weather to being cool .
1	But when he went to buy the tickets , they were all sold out !	Sue suggested that they go to the venue and get scalped tickets .
0	Billy reached around to find the light switch .	He quietly opened his door and stepped inside .
0	She took care of the lab every day .	She was given a black lab to look after .
0	Minutes later , no one was paying him any attention at all .	Uther felt like he could just melt , he was so embarrassed .
0	He calls his buddy to find out what 's going on .	He goes to the restaurant and does n't see anyone he knows .
0	When it was done it looked great .	They made some red jello in a strawberry mold .
1	She went over the script for weeks in preparation .	At the audition she was perfect .
1	Mike and Ann bought a new bed for their son .	The bed was so comfortable that their son never awoke til mornings .
1	Her mother held the back of her bike as she pushed Susan .	Susan 's mother let go of the bicycle .
1	It has to be 10 pages long .	Joe has only written 1 page .
0	The neighbors came to the door .	A big storm with dark clouds blew in .
1	I decided to eat two loaves before my wedding .	At the altar , I leaned in to kiss my bride !
0	She was using a lot of curse words around her child .	Tara wanted to be a better role model for her child .
1	Jeff drove them all up the mountain in his pickup .	While packing up to return home , Jeff saw he had a flat tire .
1	A great artist came to the town fair and set up shop .	A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the best .
1	He went to Staples to purchase a new chair .	He found a chair with great back support .
1	Ken felt weird being there alone .	He left and went home .
0	His best friend said blue .	His girlfriend said yello .
1	Frustrated , Darron attempted to finish it without instructions .	By the end of the night , the chair looked more like modern art .
1	Ness was going to work her way through Europe .	She was ready to explore and see the world !
0	They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited .	While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming .
1	His mother wanted him to get rid of them .	One day he saw a hungry squirrel .
1	One day mindy had to leave to a new hometown .	They did n't speak for 5 Years .
0	She went to retrieve it .	One day Lola found a wagon in the middle of the block .
0	She wanted to watch it with her boyfriend .	Samantha had heard about a meteor shower that night .
0	I realized I should not climb oak trees .	A branch snapped and I broke my leg .
0	We both have children of our own now .	We stayed in contact throughout the years .
0	She was excited about what the day might hold .	Megan grabbed her tools from her locker .
1	Brian worked hard all summer during his break .	He worked full time while his friends were out enjoying the summer .
1	I wanted some new video games for Christmas .	They were on sale at Walmart for Black Friday .
1	But when he sat back down it was gone .	He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips .
0	She finally talked to her mother alone .	Mary is a lesbian .
1	So she searched her dad 's wallet .	And then she put a 20 dollar bill in the tube .
1	Jenny pulled her blanket tighter around her , fearing the worst .	In the morning , she looked outside , and her fears were confirmed .
0	He drove to many dealerships .	A man was in the market for a new car .
1	Then they fill a cooler with food .	Everyone gets in the car .
0	Martin enjoyed not having to do his homework .	One day he decided to pay Will to do his homework for him .
0	She did not have time to clean it .	Jill had a messy room .
1	Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away .	Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie .
0	She got a new apartment in the city .	Anna was a professional trumpet player .
0	Her neighbor offered Sara roses from his garden .	She needed a bouquet , fast !
0	They got by the target and started shooting .	Tina and her friends went out to play archery .
0	She ended up becoming a science illustrator for space instead .	She failed to become an astrophysicist .
1	Adrian badly needed money .	He 'd run out of cash a week ago .
0	They climbed into his boat .	She went to the marina with him .
0	I ran out to my car , found my ID and returned to the counter .	I checked my pockets , but noticed I forgot my ID .
0	It sniffed at the fox and coaxed them out .	Within one log it found another fox , hiding away .
1	Jenna was at the community pool with her family .	She thought she could go out to the deeper end by herself .
1	She had added all of the ingredients and was letting it cook .	She was in the middle of stirring the pasta .
1	Jan needed to read a book for class .	She did not own the book , so she went to the library .
0	Sally talked to the little girl .	Sally saw another little girl on her walk .
0	She focused on her schoolwork and avoided trouble the whole time .	Gina was determined to prove she had changed .
1	They had cream-filled cakes there .	I love those cakes .
1	Carson decides to start making coffee at home each morning .	At first his coffee is n't very good , but he gradually improves .
1	One day he had to get out of a steep driveway .	His car got stuck half way .
1	It made her feel clean and refreshed .	But after she got out of the shower , she began sweating .
0	Jay gave him money for another hot dog .	Tim started crying .
0	He had a huge basket of apples at the end of the day .	He spent the entire afternoon picking apples .
0	He was afraid of the big slide .	There was only one problem .
0	John was disappointed .	The ice rink was unfortunately closed .
0	He knew he had to stop , but he just could n't .	Carl had a gambling problem .
0	The belt was very tight on Jay .	He took out his only belt and put that on too .
0	I was nervous and inexperienced .	My friend invited me on his family 's ski trip .
1	The doll smelled heavily of smoke .	I put the doll in baking powder for three days .
1	The year before 4th grade she surprised me with a pair of loafers .	I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them .
1	Amy and her friends were out at 3 AM .	It was way past their curfew .
0	She was upset to see the cafeteria was closed .	Beth worked through her lunch and was hungry .
0	He thought he was the best at it .	Craig went to the bar every week to play darts .
1	He went downtown , ate pizza and saw a Broadway show .	Then he spent a week in Harlem studying and admiring art .
1	Max was working on an important work project .	He had been working on the spreadsheets for a few hours .
1	Sam lived in a low income area	He was walking home from work .
0	She looked at many stores , but nothing looked good on her .	Joey was getting married and needed a gown .
1	I told her I 'd feed it , walk it , play with it , and everything else .	Gradually she gave in , and she told me I could have one .
0	He was still liked by most .	He never won any championships .
0	Suddenly things changed .	Justin has been in a relationship with selena for a while .
0	There is no milk in the fridge so she ca n't eat her breakfast	She looks in the fridge for milk .
1	In 2003 the Red Sox choke in the playoffs to the Yankees .	In 2004 they meet the Yankees again in the playoffs .
1	Peter grimaced as the wind pounded against him , again .	The target was in his sights , but he had to recalibrate .
0	I married my fiance in front of my family .	Then I met my fiancee at the lawyer 's office .
0	He decided to take a shower when he got home .	Ken had a long day at work .
0	He used to ride lawn mowers .	I knew of a young man who won the lottery .
0	Ray felt in love with the woman that hit his car .	One day a woman crashed into the back of his car .
0	The next time , Dave tricked John and scared him instead !	Dave really hated this and wanted to get him back .
1	Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better .	Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations .
0	On the day of the presentation , he went early to practice some more .	He practiced day and night talking into his mirror .
0	Her voice was in harmony with her sequence of guitar notes .	I cheered on Diana as she was playing the guitar .
0	Phoebe was confused by the loose dog in the store .	As she made her way through the produce section , she spotted a dog .
0	They put my niece through a bad labor instead of doing a c section .	Even though the doctors were fully warned about this .
1	Tito wagged his tail as Alice attached the leash and tied her shoes .	They walked for about half an hour , enjoying the sights and smells .
0	Alas , she developed carpal tunnel syndrome and had to stop origami .	She became one of the best origami artists in the world .
1	Jason revises his writing into a book .	Jason sends the book to publishers .
0	Fortunately enough he was skilled in his topic he won the debate .	The day of the debate he lost his cue cards .
0	She was behind on all her bills .	Enid really needed some cash .
0	Finally he decided to give it a try .	He had never tried hunting , but he was worried about it .
1	Elise was trying to make some tea in the microwave .	To her dismay , Elisa found out the microwave was broken .
1	I said goodbye to my girlfriend .	I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin .
1	The next morning they both felt very sick .	They both had food poisoning .
1	The two cars spun off the road .	Both drivers got out of their car without injury .
1	However , she passed with flying colors .	The instructor was impressed with Sue 's skills .
1	It kept all sorts of important information that he used regularly .	When it was raining , Jo dropped his phone in a puddle !
1	And he found herbal medicine online .	The medicine made him feel much better .
1	He did n't know much about them .	He accidentally pointed one at a friend .
0	When the building was demolished , the basement was only bricked over .	Some years ago , there was a shoe factory .
1	I heard through the grapevine that they closed .	Now we 'll have to find a new place to go to .
1	He fights Sunday morning traffic to get to the store .	At the grocery store he buys fruit , vegetables , and meat .
0	She was surprised to find her normal run was 13 miles !	She tried it out the next day on a normal run .
0	He decide to bet it all on the next card .	He paused for a moment to compose his thoughts .
0	Next , he went to the mall .	First , he went home to change his clothes .
1	The toy only came in a box of cereal .	He convinced his mother to buy the cereal .
1	Maggie was making breakfast .	She threw some bread into the toaster .
1	A few minutes later , an Ambulance came speeding the other way .	The news today said the man who crashed survived .
1	Will practiced for weeks before the battle .	In the battle he pretty good .
1	John went skating with friends .	His friends all did a trick that John had not yet tried .
1	Then he paid for some necessities .	Before he knew it Leroy 's paycheck was gone .
0	Finally , she tried ordering a new battery online .	She tried some methods online , but none worked .
1	When he got to Duke , they told him he was too small .	When he graduated from Duke , he was told he was n't good enough .
0	The person on the phone asked for my information .	I called Centurylink to get internet .
0	Luckily , someone behind them offered to buy it for him .	His mom said no because they could n't afford it .
0	Slowly , they woke up and noticed a rat on the ground .	One night , they all heard scurrying noises .
1	Kelly was riding the bus home from school .	She was so tired that she began to drift to sleep .
1	He had a doctor look at it .	The doctor said he had a terrible infection and needed an operation .
1	Donald was diagnosed with lung cancer .	He was devastated by his diagnosis .
1	They one day tricked him to come to a party .	Everyone there took turns stabbing him and threw away his body .
0	He was devastated .	When it came time for the promotion Larry did n't get it .
0	Without any money , she had to move in with her parents .	She filed for unemployment , but was rejected .
0	Joey was so glad she had taken a risk and knit the scarf .	The scarf came out beautifully and everyone was proud .
1	He decided to go to college to learn a skill for employment .	Mike drove to the local university and asked for help .
1	Mandy was on a family vacation .	One night , her aunt told her that it was her turn to do dishes .
0	The interviewer said he would call Adam the next day .	Adam had a job interview which went well .
0	She filled two pots equally with water , and put them on to boil .	A woman decided to test the accuracy of an aphorism .
0	We had great seats down front in the second row	I took my sons to their first concert .
1	Her head felt like it was splitting wide open .	She requested to take the day off because of her headache .
1	He taxied to his hotel and checked in .	Then he set off on foot to explore the African land .
1	Marcy wants to go to homecoming .	John needs a date to the dance .
1	Jack and his mother discussed his grade and Jack agreed to get a tutor .	The tutor worked with Jack all quarter and his grade improved to a B .
1	He violently swerved , and came within inches of a near car .	Thankfully , his car came to a halt as he slid into a ditch , uninjured .
0	He was sent on a detour and was twenty minutes late .	When Michael went to get off on his exit it was closed .
1	She ran out to the store and bought some medicine .	At home , she gave him some and he seemed to calm down a bit .
0	A few hours later , it started snowing again .	The snow fell for a little while , and then stopped .
1	Jake wanted to be a famous rapper .	He made recordings of himself rapping in his basement .
1	All of a sudden I felt huge hunger pains .	I decided to get a quick slice of pizza .
1	He went to a fast food place to order one .	He specified that he did not want a tomato .
0	He exercised even more and lost more weight .	He lost a few pounds .
1	Tim rushed out the door without breakfast .	He barely made it to class on time .
1	Ana and her mom went to the toy store .	Ana was allowed to pick out one new stuffed animal .
1	When his friend visited him at the park , both of them started to run .	In addition , we used the exercising equipment to work out .
0	Instead , she wanted a plain , ordinary cheeseburger and fries !	She did n't request anything weird like peanut butter and pickles .
0	Suddenly , she fainted in the store .	While waiting in line , she began feeling light headed .
1	Gina was carrying three gallons of water in a handbasket .	She had only intended to purchase one .
0	I am picking up all the random sticks .	I 'm working in the yard today .
1	Mike was starving and went to get seafood by himself .	He went to a new place on the pier .
1	One day , after a trip to South Africa , Hector decides to write again !	When he finishes the novel , he knows it is his best writing yet .
1	A man tried many methods to improve his college exam scores .	He found one method that seemed to be the best .
0	Zeke sold the images to doctor offices for a tidy sum of money .	They took many pictures of the wild beauty around them .
1	The sun 's warmth caressed my face as wind swept over my head .	It was pleasant and calming .
1	My family was moving to a new city .	My siblings were nervous about the new home .
0	Since I was saving my money , I asked my sister if she can buy it .	My mom wanted me to buy food for the house .
0	Roy turned abruptly to walk off the stage with his robe caught .	As he accepted his diploma his robe got caught on the podium !
0	He was n't very well trained .	Finley was my puppy .
1	His car got scratched .	The other car then kept going .
0	I ended up going home and finishing school .	The police found me and arrested me at a gas station .
0	It fits him perfectly .	When he gets to the store , he finds a blazer for a reasonable price .
1	He also tried to skip another person in front of him .	The other person became mad and punched Ross .
0	She and Eva played all during recess .	The girl was shy but introduced herself to Eva .
0	Ron confessed that he broke one of the table 's legs .	She fell on the floor and could n't get up .
0	She loaded her groceries into the checkout lane .	Maya went shopping .
0	Colleen made sure she knew how to do it before leaving .	It involved some wiggling of the gear .
1	He decided to speed things up by copying another song .	He felt horrible that he had to do this , but he was rushed .
0	After 1 hour with the cute puppy he could n't resist .	She told her friend Dan he should take the adorable puppy .
0	I had to sneak out the window .	I flushed and it overflowed .
0	He has finished all of his chores .	He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal .
1	Her friend Tami joined in the chase .	The two girls were no match for the thin tall boy .
0	She wanted them to wait , but they kept walking as she yelled at them .	Gina began yelling out the window at the kids .
0	We all went stomping in puddles .	I put on my galoshes .
0	But that did n't stop them from leaping at Gina .	The dogs were chained up .
1	The dollar store was having a mega sale !	He filled his cart up , checked out , and went home .
0	No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows .	There was an old man selling a set of fruits .
0	The patron was very dissatisfied with the result .	Josh just guessed at the recipe .
1	Marta had her first day of school starting today .	Her mother packed her lunch box and got her clothes ready .
0	The judges snickered openly at the stocky spinster .	An old , frumpy woman appeared on the stage , to disinterest and jeers .
0	The student admitted to copying answers !	Eric noticed one of the students looking at her neighbor 's test .
1	Ola decided to give up and order takeout instead of cooking .	She ordered chicken tenders - and they were delicious !
1	One day they went to a new street and saw a very big and scary dog .	The dog came toward them , and Tina immediately turned to run away .
1	Johnny 's cousin invited him to his church to talk to his priest .	Johnny was afraid but he went to meet his cousin 's priest .
1	She liked their relationship .	However Tim wanted to be serious .
0	Everyone gets in the car .	Then they fill a cooler with food .
0	Gators and snakes were in the water too .	The water was thick and cold .
0	Bobby crawled into bed between his mom and his dad .	His parents said he could sleep with them .
1	I keep several packets of vanilla sugar wafers in my car .	I enjoy these as my afternoon snack at work .
1	Tina got more than enough money to buy the magic staff .	And she spent the rest of the day buying items with all of her gold .
1	He recently bought some chocolate pudding at the store .	He liked the pudding so much he bought more .
0	He did not want to attend the mandatory orientation .	John was about to begin his freshman year of college .
0	He went home with the gold medal !	At the meet , Bobby won all of his matches and earned first place !
0	He decided to confront it by donating blood .	Tim had a fear of needles .
1	One day , my friends and I were wanting to hang out .	We decided to go rock climbing .
0	One day she went to a salon .	Bailey needed a haircut .
0	She waited for days to see a hummingbird .	She placed a nectar feeder outside on her back patio .
1	He was so rude , I abruptly left and opted out of a picture with him .	I later threw away all memorabilia and CD 's from this artist .
0	Eventually , Jon lost the game .	Jon and his friend fought hard .
0	Tina said she was going to the dance with Nan .	Joe asked Tina to the dance instead .
0	Anna 's dog seemed very attracted to the ball .	They passed by another dog who was playing fetch with it 's owner .
1	His friends were upset so they went home .	James realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone .
1	Jane went to see the deer , like the ones she once fed by hand .	She saw these deer were scrawny , mangy and had terrified eyes .
1	He went to the kitchen and started cooking .	He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included !
1	I walked in closer to see what their whispering was all about .	I looked over a teenagers shoulder as she stared down at her phone .
0	The psychologist diagnosed her with depression and got her help .	Her brother was worried for her and took her to a psychologist .
1	Tory purchased the most perfect crystal earrings .	She adored the way they set off her color .
0	Both her parents worked , so no one was home .	Gina arrived home after school .
1	One day Tina told him all about time .	Jim never had trouble telling time again .
0	Jane caught turtles to sell before the race .	She saw a sign advertising a turtle race at the carnival .
1	I walked outside to begin my run .	I happily ran down the street for a few minutes .
0	Chad 's daughter loved the dress as well .	Once the dress was on , he knew the dress was the one .
0	The bartender wrote down all the jokes that everyone said .	All of the jokes were very funny .
1	Today was their big day .	He was nervous but did well .
1	I remember the airbag deploying .	The next thing I remember was the paramedics pulling me out of the car
1	When I got inside my room , I noticed my video game was gone .	I looked everywhere almost to find it .
1	But when they found out , they were all very kind .	They even volunteered to teach him his letters .
0	And she complimented his voice .	One day , Ron 's sister saw him singing .
0	Thirty miles down the road I realized I had n't packed a bag for me .	I loaded the car and we got an early start .
0	She decided to go to her favorite restaurant .	Yesterday Kelly went out to eat .
0	He decided he should get up to see the sunrise .	It was still early morning but he could n't sleep .
0	We were n't sure what we wanted , just went for fun .	My sister and I went to bestbuy on black Friday
1	He placed the book on the couch when he got home from the bookstore .	Jack did n't see his dog in the living room .
0	His friends never cared .	Kyle always tried to recycle .
1	John decided to play a sport .	Looking around , John spotted his golf clubs .
1	He works hard and has a varying schedule .	They refuse to give him full time .
0	Bill decided to buy a leather jacket and some jeans to look cooler .	Bill worried that he was not stylish enough for Jane .
0	She had nothing to wear so she could n't go to prom .	When prom day came the dress did n't fit .
0	Jamie was not pleased .	Another kid told Jamie what Josh had said .
1	In her first class , she noticed her old high school classmate .	She was so happy , so sat next to her .
0	Yes , and I bought it !	But Nora sold that house just last week .
1	Larry had never played golf before .	He played against a professional for his first game .
1	She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get .	Tami went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes .
1	Neil had hiked the whole Camino in Spain .	He had just arrived in Santiago de Compostela .
1	He ran a little bit too far into the street .	A car was coming fast .
0	It eventually rained so hard that everything was covered in mud .	I climbed through the forest enjoying the rain across my face .
0	Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room .	She went to the shelter , but none of them seemed right .
1	He put ham and cheese on a muffin .	Then , he put it in the microwave .
1	Lila was running low on infant formula .	She was hoping that it would last a day or two more .
0	She decided she would be Elliott from ET .	She was trying to think of what to be for Halloween .
0	Frank is very happy that he can sleep more easily .	Finally he finds it easier to fall asleep .
0	He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean .	Drew wanted to learn to surf .
0	He did not know anyone in his class .	Bob was starting the year at a new school .
1	In 2000 , he had a midlife crisis and left his wife and kids .	He moved into an apartment , but lost his job .
0	Justin decided to impress Riley with lots of grape candy .	Riley loved grape flavored candy .
0	She was trying to choose a paint color for her house .	Marge was at the home improvement store .
1	The weather was beautiful and we had so much fun .	My brother and I swam in the ocean every day .
1	He gave me a ticket for jaywalking .	Afterwards , I walked to work slowly even though I was late .
1	Her father teaches her how to ride it .	After a couple weeks of practice , Sally can ride her bike on her own .
1	They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack .	He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act .
1	Bob was training for the marathon .	He ran 10 miles everyday .
0	His friend recommended to lay in bed the same hours every night .	He asked his friend for advice .
0	Yet he continued to eat and drink foods high in sugar .	He had recently been diagnosed with diabetes .
1	He was headed to the rainy forest for the first time .	He arrived and got off the plane .
1	The accident was one mile ahead of where she was .	Tina wisely decided to go work on a different road .
0	One family chooses to diaper their child in cloth diapers .	Some of these children are infants that are in diapers .
0	It was such fun they decided to make it a tradition and go every year !	On their to their car they played games for prizes .
0	She approached the group and asked if they needed any help .	Her teacher recommended that she join a new one , one that he liked .
0	When the girls went swimming , the boys across the lake watched .	Katie went to a girl 's camp across the lake from a boy 's camp .
1	She put on shoes and went outside .	Then , she walked down to the ATM .
1	Jo woke up feeling very sick and tired .	He called into work and then went to the doctor .
0	They then put them outside in the winter .	They bought large plastic tubs and filled them with water .
1	He gained a lot of weight .	Adam then could n't get a girlfriend .
1	They took many pictures of the wild beauty around them .	Zeke sold the images to doctor offices for a tidy sum of money .
0	He scratched the ticket eagerly .	He usually did not win , but he still hoped .
0	In college he started going by Rocket .	Out of all the sports to play , it 's the one that rhymed with his name .
1	Tim would not give up and got back on the bike .	After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own .
1	He was going to the beach tomorrow .	The next morning , when he woke up , he saw that it was raining .
1	She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs .	I can not wait to take her back to the dog park .
1	At home she lit a tea light and put in the burner .	Her mother smelled the vanilla downstairs and took the burner from her
0	She was able to pay for the orthodontist over time .	She decided to get a part time job .
0	George noticed after about a month that his lawn looked fantastic .	He watered and mowed his lawn on a regular basis .
0	As a last attempt Kristy tried online dating .	None of them have yet to work out though .
0	He took her to the local baseball arena and got down on one knee .	Yesterday Kevin proposed to his girlfriend Candy .
0	She says she wo n't keep it but probably will .	She picked it up and took it home with her .
1	And he decided to take care of him .	Bob was happy to make a difference in dog 's life .
0	She told me no .	I decided to ask my boss for some time off .
1	There was no clean water nearby .	Emil was scared that he would have to go thirsty .
1	Her first day of class she brought a notebook and pen with her .	She noticed that every other student had a laptop instead .
1	Kim had an online diary that she wrote in daily .	She was very candid and put everything in the diary .
0	But he was very nervous .	Jim was invited to dinner by a pretty girl .
0	They ran top speed to Lynn 's house .	They were not going to let it happen again .
0	No one would help me so I brought a gun and shot Abraham dead .	He would pick fights with me at lunchtime every day .
1	Charles is a black man who is used to dating black women .	But he was interested in interracial dating .
1	She loved hiking especially when her dog was able to come .	The two of them ran ahead of the others along the path .
0	He panic during his next broadcast and predicted an earthquake .	Last week he got $ 600 from a sunglasses company to call for more sun .
1	Judy was always worried about what other people thought of her .	She did n't go outside .
1	But a boy walked by and told Ashley he liked her outfit .	Brittany and Ashley have been enemies for three minutes .
1	He finds a bunch of guys playing and decides to join one team .	They play very hard but in the end the other team wins .
0	The two of them hit it off at the reception .	Noela got to walk with a handsome man .
0	Jake would n't let him .	When he returned he asked Jake to drive his Power Wheels truck .
1	Jill 's boyfriend told her they needed to talk .	Upon meeting with him , he broke some disappointing news .
1	I was a James Lee Burke fan .	His characters always ate po boy sandwiches .
0	It was the small boy 's brother , who was not small at all .	Jack only made it to the curb , when he was stopped by another boy .
0	Suddenly the light bulb above him sizzled and shattered !	He got comfortable in his easy chair , and opened his book .
1	Lily was excited to try to new kfc near her house .	Kfc was her favorite restaurant and she loved the chicken .
1	Her guests all remark that her place is so nice .	Abby is happy that she invited friends over to her apartment .
0	The losing friend got mad and knocked the board over .	The game became very one-sided .
1	Mandy found a shop owned by Oriel .	Mandy decided to hire Oriel as his mechanic .
1	Unfortunately during one game , he was struck very hard and passed out .	The doctor told him he had nearly broken his neck and might have died .
1	Every morning , sun shining through Gabe 's window woke him up .	So he decided to get dark curtains .
1	He had friends who smoked and often offered him cigarettes .	He knew the health risks but he tried it anyway .
0	She was a scaredy-cat .	But she was afraid !
1	Dan and his dad went to the forest to go hunting .	The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal .
0	She grabbed her things and headed for the door .	Suddenly there was an alarm blaring .
1	We saw lots of marine life .	It brought us closer together as a couple .
0	And his air conditioner was n't helping enough .	Tom was really hot one day .
1	But , he could n't afford one .	He decided to steal something for his wife .
1	He could barely hear his television .	Angrily , he pounded on the floor with a broom handle .
0	She wants a job but has had trouble finding one .	Jane has been unemployed for Years .
0	He thought for a long time about what kind of project to do .	Carl had been looking forward to his 2nd grade science fair .
1	There , he ordered his favorite coffee drink , an iced caramel latte .	He sat down to read a book , and he saw a man with the same book .
1	On the bus ride home Amy showed her older friend Sue her new watch .	Sue told her the watch was super cool .
1	He used the money to pay off debts and buy a new car .	It was still enough to change his life .
1	Phil went to the grocery store .	Phil found a rack of lamb on sale .
0	She read a book every day for the entire semester .	If she was able to read 50 books or more she won a pizza party !
0	He put on his baseball uniform and fitted his mitt .	He got all his baseball gear ready .
0	Now , she knows a lot about samurai !	She took them home and read them all .
0	One day , she noticed one of her moles had started to change .	Because of that , she started seeing moles on her skin .
0	During the presentation the laptop battery died .	He brought his laptop to show a final presentation .
0	He ran into his boss at the movies .	He called in sick .
1	She watched documentaries about desert plants and animals .	She visited a horticultural dome themed after the desert .
1	It did n't take long for her to come up with a perfect choice .	Sal became a therapist , and continued to help people every single day !
1	When there was two clowns the face each other .	One clown smashed a pie in the other 's face and ran off .
1	Today , I thought I will be a little adventurous .	I went to my boss 's office .
1	I saw a fire as soon as i pulled up .	It was coming out of the gas station .
0	I called it dad 's red rocket .	The first day I saw dad driving I gave his car a nickname .
1	The girls bonded over things they both liked .	Amy and Jane eventually talked about a cousin named John .
0	Sally was so excited to be back with her friends .	Her mother told her next week she would go back to school .
1	She noticed that her headphones were starting to cut out .	For a minute , they stopped working and she thought they were done for .
1	They were extra spicy but no one knew that .	Everyone took several bites before realizing the pain .
0	Jack 's father would not let him drive his car .	Jack wanted to drive his father 's car .
0	There was a lot of algae growing on the back of the tank .	Jeff went downstairs to clean his saltwater fish tank .
1	Mike spends a lot of his time on the internet .	He really loves the internet , and learns a lot from websites .
1	Gerard was performing a show on his birthday .	This concert was the last of the tour .
0	Jane asked Bonnie to move her bird feeder away from Jane 's window .	Jane could n't sleep sometimes , due to the noise of these birds .
0	After that , I lost interest .	I won the first game and the next two .
0	He saw the most beautiful cat there .	One day he went on a field trip to an animal center .
1	Everything was fine until an unforeseen accident occurred .	The store 's electricity went out which had caused the vegetables to go bad .
0	Johns frog jumped so far that he beat everyone and won .	When the contest arrived , my frog just sat there .
0	I ended up getting a white pair with no heels .	I had to return them to the store .
0	Terry looked at his tires and saw they had little tread .	Terry was riding one day and felt both wheels lose traction .
1	Silas had a questionable past .	He spent some time in jail .
0	Then , Ronald realized he could just read the news online on his phone .	One day , the paper was n't delivered and Ronald was very upset .
0	We 'll do it again this year .	I do it to teach them about giving .
1	He walked to the window and watched people come into his bank .	When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk .
0	The tallest bandit demanded everyone to the floor .	Each was brandishing a gun .
0	Unfortunately they screwed up .	She proceeded to get her makeup done .
1	Her tooth was hanging on by just a little bit .	Tricia bit into something hard .
0	i approached her and offered her $ 50 for the painting .	One day I saw a person working on a painting of the pond .
0	A traveling zoo came one day to show their animals .	I used to work at a school
0	I asked him if I could be his apprentice .	In a tiny village in Japan I found a katana blacksmith .
1	They were not playing very well in the season .	Greg did not want to watch any more games .
0	She felt terrible all day and went to take a nap .	She took some medicine and had some tea .
1	Her dad thought he had gotten away from the kids .	Till they threw a bucket of water on his back .
1	Lucy begged her grandma to close her Facebook account .	Her grandma liked Facebook and decided to keep her account open .
0	We are going to build it together .	Daddy brought home a tree house today .
1	Beth had to choose between universities .	One was close to home the other across the country .
1	It was her first time on an airplane .	She sat nervously in her seat .
1	They doctors hurriedly examined him .	They found that Tray had had a mild heart attack !
0	I thought it was ok .	Many of my friends posted theirs .
0	Now she was bored again .	She had found other things to occupy her time .
1	Her head shattered from the bullet he had n't known was in the chamber .	Kevin was tried as an adult and is serving a life sentence .
1	I began to eat my meal at the restaurant .	As soon as I turned away to pick up my napkin , someone ran .
1	He was head of his tribe and usually gets the food .	He had enough to feed his men and also to smoke and preserve .
1	One of them told me I had to put handrails on my steps .	I visited John and asked him to help me build some handrails .
0	He had to wear a cast for 6 weeks .	Jake slipped one day and broke his arm .
0	She met her date at the restaurant .	Sally got set up on a blind date .
0	He got pretty drunk and had a good time .	His favorite drink was Gin and Tonic and he drank a lot of it .
1	The first two days I searched online for openings .	Next , I drafted a new resume .
0	It was a long walk to get to the water .	We drove to the beach and parked the car .
1	After climbing several steps , I held him .	A few seconds later , the ladder slipped from the ground .
1	The police pulled her from the car , and she was okay .	Sharon was thankful , and started checking the weather before driving .
1	It was a hot day outside .	Her ice cream began to melt .
0	Inside , there were bags of Skittles .	Then , he spotted a vending machine .
1	I steal salt and pepper packets from restaurants .	I fill my home salt and pepper shakers with stolen condiment packets .
0	Unfortunately , Ian does not have a lot of money .	Ian needs a warm pair of gloves for his first winter in Vermont .
0	He kept an eye on him most of the time .	Ronald was a bit nervous because his dog has run off once .
0	Now she has blue spots on her carpet .	She could not get the paint off the floor .
1	John told Tim that he could n't help him right now .	John was busy playing video games .
1	The man asked me what my name was .	I gave him my name and my number to call me later .
1	Taylor likes video games .	He really wanted a new game .
1	When the game started , the opponents ran towards him .	Jimmy freaked out and ran on the opposite side of the field .
1	It was for her hair .	When she went to the salon it was a pain .
0	Suddenly , a dog licked the window .	He could n't decide between a cat or dog .
1	Kevin wrote his crush love letters often .	He never got the courage to give her any .
0	She hid this from everyone she knew .	Margo liked to smoke .
0	As it turned out it was her teacher .	When Kelly was at the store yesterday she ran into someone .
1	Chad ate little and drank less .	The cancer eating away at him did n't have any less of an appetite .
0	He saw the tops of trees splintering and crashing toward the ground .	Barney fearfully huddled in his foxhole as the barrage came down .
0	He was not wearing his helmet .	The little boy brought his bike home .
1	Riley had always loved to teach and tutor other people .	His family told him that he would be a naturally good teacher .
1	Anna was a star volleyball player .	Unfortunately , she really struggled in math .
0	When the song was over he wondered what it was called .	He sang it without knowing the words that well .
0	Erin and her friends are going to an amusement park .	Erin hates roller coasters .
1	I went to school and told all of my friends .	Sally overheard me telling the story and laughed .
0	She really wanted to teach him .	Karen 's dog did n't know any tricks .
1	She checked out all the books on Russia that the library had .	She also signed up for a class to learn Russian .
1	Neil was having a great time touring South Korea .	Then he arrived in the capital city of Seoul .
1	Every morning he liked to do 200 burpees .	Around the 35th burpee , Rich started feeling dizzy .
0	He got out his car and walked to the front door .	Carlos pulled up to his cousin 's house and parked at the curb .
0	I managed to sneak down and get a picture with Chase Utley .	One time , after a Phillies game the players were signing autographs .
1	Skip had to flip at seeing the double dip .	Chip then had to punch Skip on the lip .
1	He found a soft blanket and curled up there .	The cat slept there for the next two hours .
1	Just a little more and gold would be his .	But , he saw a fellow racer had crashed of course .
1	I was talking to my neighbor this morning .	He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood .
1	That night , his girlfriend drove him to their house .	Ben introduced himself to them , and they were kind and laid back .
1	That night , she found Joey in the tub with the plums .	He said he was turning them into prunes .
0	Her roommate asked her to go to a party .	She was dropped off at college the day after she turned 18 .
0	He 'd started a pot of coffee which was now done .	Cal was half-awake as he stumbled into his kitchen .
0	Hannah 's lemonade stand is a great success .	Now she has a lot more customers .
0	He forgot about it for a couple weeks .	George sat a half full coffee cup down in the garage one day .
0	I went to bed that night , tears streaming down my face .	I searched every inch of my house looking for the family heirloom .
0	Her mom took her to gymnastics class .	There was a little girl .
1	Dan loves video games .	So he enters a local gaming competition .
1	He saw an old farmhouse and decided to explore it .	He went inside the front door and it was so dark .
0	I thought I was trying to be constructive .	She said I insulted her cooking abilities .
1	However , the dispenser trapped his hand .	The machine manufacturer had to open the entire machine .
0	Eventually she decided she wanted to start her own business .	She researched different ways to make money online .
1	On her first drive a car crashed into her car .	It was n't her fault but it still scared her .
0	She had never gone on a cruise before but did n't like him .	She was flattered but felt worried .
0	She looked at a lot of different non-profit organizations .	She decided to volunteer for a organization in need .
1	I kept seeing large items go by with INC painted on them .	They seemed to look like instruments .
0	She had never made fried chicken before .	She also bought all the ingredients .
1	He moved into the dorms and signed up for his classes .	Mark quickly realized that he had taken too many classes .
0	They find the mice to be cute and cuddly .	He brings some friends in to help take care of them sometimes .
1	When it was time to pay , he began digging through his bag .	He felt something wet and sticky inside .
1	Bo was angry at himself !	He was starving all day .
0	He was a hefty baby and a lot of the stuff she had was too small .	Jessica had just had her baby .
1	He did n't realized his shoe was untied .	Tim tripped over his lace and dropped the kite string .
0	At the end of the day , he just found an anchor .	He began to dig all day .
0	A rabbit had started nesting on top of his battery !	He popped the hood to see what it was .
0	He was bored so he called took his phone and called his friend Janice .	Rowan was in the hospital because he broke his leg in an accident .
1	Bella was having a boring Saturday .	She had run out of things to do .
0	He liked it so much , that he brought it to school .	And it looked so beautiful that he decided to keep it .
1	Sometimes we would get in real fights and I always won .	But one year , my brother had grown taller than me .
0	He seemed nice but could not speak English very well .	Nobody at work knew exactly where he was from .
0	It landed on the gaming console and broke it .	All of a sudden , the top of the fan dropped from the ceiling .
0	The boy agreed and mowed her lawn for her .	She went next door and asked the neighbor boy if he would do it .
0	While looking at paint swatches , a handsome man approached her .	She went to a home improvement store to find paint .
0	Soon Lane was playing with the band and loving it .	Lane finally met with one that seemed like a good fit .
1	Nick and Tom were best friends .	They decided to drive into the city to watch a band perform .
0	Henry 's band won first place .	They wore costumes and choreographed a routine .
0	Unfortunately , the cookies did n't rise properly and were n't as yummy .	Then , she waited for them to cook .
0	She was very happy with her trade !	Cal got salt and turquoise for her pelts .
0	They had so much fun they forgot about their plans .	But she had bought a bag full of video games for them to play .
0	The vet says the dog is overweight .	Annie has an old dog .
1	It started raining this morning .	I spent some time making coffee and sitting down .
0	First he went to San Diego State University and played football .	Around graduation , he bragged about going pro .
0	He would write articles and reports for his portfolio .	He would go to class during the day and write in his dorm at night .
0	Now his friends do n't make fun of him for dancing !	After he graduated , he became very famous .
0	He had a bad feeling about his answers .	He was really scared he was going to do bad .
0	The doctor prescribed Jim some medicine and told him to rest .	The doctor checked Jim 's temperature and his throat .
1	He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns .	At 17 , he decided to take the test and join the army .
1	I just bought a new video game that I can not wait to play .	Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it .
0	Lita found one that she felt comfortable using .	Lita 's friend told her to use an online tax service .
0	When the candle was finished , it was a beautiful work of art .	She worked very hard on designing it .
1	He picked up a random object and pretended to be interested .	The owner came over and talked to the man .
0	He just barely missed the school bus as it passed his house .	He studied all night for the test .
0	One day her mother told her to stop so she does n't get hurt .	Her mother told her it was dangerous but she kept doing it .
1	Ian grew his own hot peppers in his garden .	When they became ripe he picked them .
0	She decided not to cook or have sex with him .	He was traveling to Las Vegas every weekend and coming home broke .
0	Jade made enough money and took her dream trip to Disney .	She saved every dime that she made .
1	She tried to wash it with hot water .	It increased in size .
0	He was sitting in the shop when a woman caught his eye .	Mike went to a coffee shop one day .
1	They talked the whole trip .	When they got back to land , he asked her on a date .
0	But her mom did n't want to spend any money .	She decided to ask her mother to buy it .
1	Her cousin took her to the beach to try her hand at surfing .	Kelly was afraid , but she agreed to give it a shot .
1	No one wanted to confess .	As a result , she gave the whole class detention .
0	After the speech , the politician gained a lot of support .	To recover , the politician just kept moving forward .
1	He loved the Orangutans the most .	He told his friends about the zoo and brought them there later .
0	They took it home and had a wonderful day making toys out of it .	It was clay !
1	Jasmine 's mother is allergic to cats , so she could never have one .	Jasmine waited 20 long years until she finally moved out .
1	When they got there , her sister was n't at the seats .	When the match started , they realized her sister was in the derby .
1	One year , a major hurricane was announced on the news .	Sue and her family had to evacuate their house .
0	Now the living room is sparkling clean like the rest of the house .	I sprayed air freshener to make the place smell good .
1	He hired a tutor to help him learn spanish .	Every week he met with his tutor .
0	Mabel knew she wanted to go again soon .	She excitedly took the tour .
1	She was in her room doing her hair .	Suddenly , her best friend came into the room .
0	By the time I went through two wool pads it was clean .	I had to scrape away at it with steel wool .
0	Help soon arrives , saving them from the endeavour .	Alex prays for help .
1	Martha was in her living room .	Suddenly there was a knock at the door .
1	Around 5 am , he started to get dressed for school .	When he arrived , he walked carelessly to class .
1	His owner opened the door for him .	Ryder played outside .
0	The word the raven could say was 'Nevermore ' .	The raven could only say one word though .
0	His favorite band was coming to town to play a concert in a few weeks .	Andrew had a favorite band .
1	His one last night as a free man .	Friday morning Ryan felt a sharp pain in his stomach .
1	But when he got Alzheimer 's , neither could help him .	The twins had a small home and agreed a nursing home would be best .
0	He explained that a penny was only lucky if it was heads up .	Finally Emily asked him why .
0	The boss approached the girls .	The entire office heard several bickering noises .
1	Wayne got cut from the basketball team his junior year .	The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller .
1	I asked him to do so and he agreed .	He apologized and I thanked him for doing so .
1	Although it had not been long at all , I apologized .	Instead , I wish I could have told her that she was rude .
0	Heartbroken , Nova decided to keep faith in her other choices .	Her first choice did n't accept her .
1	She announced a name .	Everyone celebrated the person 's achievement .
1	Cindy found a cute puppy advertised on facebook .	She wanted the puppy so bad .
0	Lebron and his coach lost the championship game .	The coach got the team to the championship .
1	Her family moved to the city when she was 14 .	She visited her grandmother farm for the first time in 20 years .
1	Kelly was happy the new phones just came out for Apple .	She really wanted a pink one .
0	They began fighting and Jerry beat him up .	Jerry spilled his drink and demanded that guy buy him another drink .
0	He never ate whenever his dad cooked it .	Tim hated fish .
1	One day , she found a fixer upper for a young couple .	It was their first home and they loved it .
0	Unfortunately , Nick began choking on his banana .	One day , John told a particularly funny joke and Nick laughed .
0	Sal sold his shares and collected his money .	Two months later the stock doubled in price .
1	Sally got set up on a blind date .	She met her date at the restaurant .
0	He bought her a big play map of the world .	Her parents like learning toys .
1	They became friends and she encouraged him to go outside again .	When Chris tried it he was amazed at how bright it was outside .
1	She was running late for work on Monday .	She had no coffee and low blood sugar .
1	Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater .	They sneaked in through a back entrance .
1	It seemed to be going well until she fell asleep during her studying .	When she awoke the next morning , she was frantic .
0	But nothing seemed to work .	Ever since he and his wife Julia had started dating , in fact .
0	Suddenly , out of nowhere , National Geo wanted to hire him .	He never got a response back .
0	Tom accidentally knocked his friend out cold !	The friend never done that before .
1	Gina liked Jamie , but he was popular and had lots of friends .	Now he had broken his leg .
1	His girlfriend said that it is fine .	A week later , he goes on facebook and checks her page .
1	I felt bad and decided to have it fixed .	I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged .
0	She handed Gina the hose and went into the house .	She could n't believe Gina would waste soap in such a manner .
1	Charles had a crush on Marlene , a girl from class .	She asked him to take pictures of her walking on the beach .
0	Marsha 's mom said that she already did and it 's waiting at home .	She said the she was happy too as long as mom made macaroni salad .
1	I also put fairies around the house .	Everything looked great .
0	She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cak	We sat her in her high chair and put the cake in front of her .
1	Sara was terrified of horses , even though her mom trained them .	She desperately wanted to conquer her fears and be able to ride .
1	He thought it must be pretty delicious .	Every time he asked to have some his dad said no .
0	While she was holding one , she dropped it .	Iris was carrying plates to the cupboard .
0	The next morning , when he woke up , he saw that it was raining .	He was going to the beach tomorrow .
0	She could n't get over the fact that she was so old .	She cried .
1	She had the copy made at her local grocery store .	She decided to carry both keys with her .
0	He lost horribly and was humiliated .	He tried to anyway on Friday .
1	They stayed mad all night .	The next morning Sarah felt bad and went to Allies house to apologize .
0	He called 911 but it was too late .	He hears screaming .
0	Then , he settled on the name `` furry '' .	He looked at the kitten and tried to evaluate it .
1	Jack and Jill went out on their dock .	They were going fishing .
1	Suze whispered in Jeff 's ear a string of commands .	Jeff stormed out , never to be seen again while Suze enjoyed the quiet .
0	It made the door very difficult to open .	The tree was blocking the door to the shed .
0	So , I never expected to actually get one as a gift .	However they were really expensive .
1	I decided to answer and say hello .	The person on the other line was breathing on the phone .
0	He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed .	He had saved up for months for this event .
1	When Kelly was at the store yesterday she ran into someone .	As it turned out it was her teacher .
1	Amy arrived at the park and found Ben waiting for her .	He smiled big when he saw her .
1	Jacob works at a convenience store .	He has a long line .
0	He has been trying at this for a year now and is growing impatient .	Jeff has been trying to get a promotion at work .
0	She took one of the braids down .	Kim wanted to wear her hair loose .
0	He waited in line for hours until he finally bought one .	Ronald was really excited to get the newest iphone .
1	Eventually , she noticed she had been gaining weight .	She realized it must be because of the chips .
0	She thought she would look silly .	At first she was apprehensive .
1	Lily was having a party .	She needed some balloons .
0	Angela applied for many jobs .	Her work was boring and not challenging enough .
0	The day finally arrived for the bowling party .	He was very excited , which made it hard to focus on school work .
1	Sara went to the store and bought a lot of childrens toys .	Sara then wrapped the toys and took them to the children 's hospital .
0	She decided that she would cheat .	Jill was ill prepared .
1	He would hold cookouts with people who would pay for his hot dogs .	However , people became jealous of Hank and his grill .
0	He loved his job and was happy to be there .	Lenny worked at a museum .
1	She looks in the fridge for milk .	There is no milk in the fridge so she ca n't eat her breakfast
0	They were worried they would have to call for help .	On the first day , they got lost and Rich sprained his ankle .
1	Tom was thinking of a question to ask .	He raised his hand .
1	But one of the streets was closed .	Gina had to drive 3 blocks out of her way to get around it .
1	But at long last , her birthday arrived .	Bella had a huge party with all of her friends .
0	Vina gave birth to 5 little kittens who looked like her .	The vet informed Kay vina was pregnant .
0	Her friend called and said she was taking Lucy out for a surprise .	She had a hard time getting past the grief .
1	Amy was driving and could n't move the piece until she stopped .	At a red light she tried to push the piece back into place .
0	The next day she contacted some people and got the app started .	She wanted to create the perfect app for new moms .
0	So he enters a local gaming competition .	Dan loves video games .
1	He had to be scored to the hospital .	The official disqualified the contestant who made the plate .
1	She also ordered honey barbecue wings .	When I tried one , I loved them !
1	At the end of the show , he saw the lead guitarist .	Bob asked for an autograph .
1	Amy was happy her first class in junior high was all new kids .	She introduced herself to the girl seated next to her .
0	On the weekend she was finally able to go to the restaurant .	Unfortunately , she was very busy at work .
0	But he was wrong .	In the beginning , Charles did n't think Lisa was crazy .
1	The room was silent .	Her pencil broke .
0	Ron 's friends dared Ron to go inside of the house .	Ron and his friends began to look around and found a busted window .
1	Mitch decided to call his friend and find out what happened .	Mitch 's friend was at another art gallery and they both laughed .
1	We had a hard time deciding where to eat .	We finally settled on Chinese .
0	Till they threw a bucket of water on his back .	Her dad thought he had gotten away from the kids .
0	One day he tried to scare it out with live music .	Every few weeks he would see it scamper under the house .
0	The bunny slept by the lake .	The bunny ate berries and fruit .
1	A sound woke up him at around 2:30 .	Ben figured that it was the mailman dropping off letters .
1	She thought maybe it was due to the difference in brand .	Eventually Tammy found cat poop in her closet .
0	She ate it without ever thanking him for it .	By the time she woke up it was ready .
1	Aya was the only girl in her class without a cell phone .	She hoped her parents would get her one for her birthday .
0	With his scarf , Lester braves the cold to get coffee .	Now he feels ready to go .
0	I was looking for a new lipstick color .	Yesterday I went out shopping .
1	He asked his neighbors if they knew the cat .	Nobody recognized it , so he adopted it himself .
0	I had to slam on my brakes .	As I was drinking it , a car stopped .
0	Lindsay stopped in her tracks .	One day while biking she spotted a fox .
1	She managed to kick him on his but .	He ended up tumbling on the ground .
0	Joe was more careful with the ball after that .	Sam climbed over the fence to get the ball .
1	Since she was busy from work , she did n't respond back .	The phone was buzzing all day with phone calls .
0	I dug through my car for money and found a dollar and half a soda .	It was a week until pay day and I was out of money .
0	He asked if I tried it before and I said no .	Jeffrey pulled out a cigarette .
0	She decided to move out and be on her own .	She was finally going to be 18 , officially an adult .
1	A group of friends went to a restaurant .	They heard good things about it and decided to give it a try .
0	The kids planted marigolds .	They used shovels and tilled the ground .
0	The pudding tasted funny , but Thomas continued to eat it anyway .	When he got home , he opened the container and began to eat it .
0	He took it to a paleontologist who identified it as a dinosaur bone .	John was digging in his backyard when he found a huge bone .
1	Marty helped him to his feet and walked with him to class .	The next day , the boy asked to sit with Marty at lunch .
0	He often needs things described to him .	He remembers very little from before being blind .
0	I was really scared .	The sirens went off and they were loud .
1	They bought large plastic tubs and filled them with water .	They then put them outside in the winter .
1	I was in the river fishing one day .	At the bottom of the river I saw something glittery .
0	He suggested the pork , so I ordered it .	I went to a restaurant and asked another what I should have .
1	One evening while performing a hysterectomy he noticed something .	A throat lozenge was laying in inside of the patient 's vaginal cavity .
0	I had previously decided to make her a cake .	I woke up early on my mother 's birthday .
1	Charles and Victor were enemies .	In high school , Victor beat up Charles in front of everybody .
1	Ana decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store .	She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart .
0	Her mom suggested Shay become a writer .	Shay loved to read , and she was always buried in a book .
0	Eventually , he was starting and picking up first team honors .	He fought for a walk on spot on his team in college .
0	The woodworker said his wood was warm and hardy .	A woodworker and metal worker could n't agree whose work was best .
0	I drank the beer and was very happy .	Once I had the money , I bought more beer .
0	Everyone ducked in order to protect themselves .	In the middle of the park , a few gun shots got fired .
1	But the work he had been doing for hours was gone .	Alvin was so angry that he broke his computer .
0	Her mother told her no .	Ellen really wanted another cookie .
0	Tom ran inside his house to clean up the mess .	All of a sudden a bird pooped on his head .
0	He went to his first game and scored twenty points .	Colby was chosen to be on the team and was ready to play .
0	One of her co-workers reported Marsha to the supervisors .	Marsha complained to her co-workers about her assignment .
0	We ran through his neighborhood shooting at each other .	We snuck out at night with the equipment .
1	He really wanted to get his black belt .	He practiced his moves everyday .
1	I deadlifted a barbell .	It was too heavy .
1	At the church he was impressed with the the stained glass windows .	He spoke with many other people at the church .
1	He feels a weight on his stomach .	He ca n't see what it is but he senses it is something evil .
0	Anxiously she watched him read it .	Then she slipped it onto his desk .
0	Suddenly , he noticed a man walking around with a big bag .	Mark was with his son at the library .
0	Ted saved her life !	Ted rushed over and successfully gave the girl the Heimlich maneuver .
1	He was far ahead and there were lot 's of people between them .	She was walking fast and trying to get through the crowd .
1	Anna was a professional trumpet player .	She got a new apartment in the city .
1	Randy told his children he would be there for them at the game	His children were so happy their dad was gon na watch them
1	When they stood back they could see differences in painting style .	The touched up each other 's side to make it look more uniform .
1	I went to the doctor yesterday for a routine check up .	He told me i need to drink more water .
1	The snow fort muted all noise , and the girls lost track of time .	When they tired of playing , the girls left their snow fort .
0	He was offered a programming apprenticeship in Saint Louis .	He decided to find a better job .
0	He purchased what he needed and spent many hours working on it .	He went online and researched how best to fix the bike up .
0	He decided to sell his baseball cards .	But , he did n't have enough money .
1	Although he was no carpenter , he tried so hard to make it special .	He even figured out a way to put in a skylight and windows .
1	Instead , they bought one ticket .	Then , one friend went in and opened a back door for them .
0	He waited 30 minutes for a person to speak with .	Jeff called his insurance company to file a claim .
1	His finances were limited , but Curtis took a sports car for a drive .	The car was a beauty , and also drove very well .
1	In the next lane , a man was revving his engine .	He was challenging me to a race .
0	Kim and her friend wanted to have lunch and then catch a ferry .	They decided to visit the Statue of Liberty on Ellis Island .
0	They trained him to be a medic .	He joined the army .
1	His blood pressure was very high .	Bob went out to eat and ordered a chicken sandwich .
1	Byron eventually mastered these instruments .	Finally , Byron was a musician !
1	Ann 's friend made her a twenty dollar bet .	She bet that Ann could n't drink two liters of soda in under an hour .
0	By the time she woke up , the surgery was over .	While the doctors worked , she stayed fast asleep .
1	He drove the car a lot , and sometimes raced with it .	One day , during a race he got gashes on the side of the car .
1	She decided to go to the campus ' math lab .	She learned a new way to think from the tutor and improved her grades .
0	She spent almost an hour wandering around .	Unfortunately , she got lost .
1	My friend invited me on his family 's ski trip .	I was nervous and inexperienced .
1	He uploaded all the footage to his computer .	Ben spent several nights editing footage .
0	Instead , he turned the wallet over to the police .	He was in great need of money , so he considered keeping the wallet .
1	As a teenager she took a trip to India with her family .	Ida met extended family members and saw the sights .
1	One day they decided to start dating each other .	They had their ups and downs , but were generally happy .
1	We bought a block of delicious cheese .	It got put in the back of the fridge .
1	Someone was in his seat .	He asked the man nicely to move .
1	She went to take a sip of water .	Suddenly , she knocked her cup over .
0	I went to the hospital and got properly treated .	I ended up breaking it in multiple places and called 911 .
0	When he entered the painting , he did very well and won second place .	He decided to coffee stain the piece to hide the stain .
1	We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013 .	In 1997 my daughter had red eye .
1	Amy was in the media center in her school library .	She was excited to see what computers were all about .
0	Lois and her husband went to the lake home and cabin show .	She wanted to rent a cabin but did not know where to find options .
0	It gives me a chance to get out of my head for two hours .	I love to go to the movies , I try to go every weekend .
0	She was going to apply for custody of her son .	Amy went on a road trip to Georgia .
1	Kyle woke up late for school one day .	He rushed to get ready for school and not be late to first period .
1	Later she got it checked and the diamond was fake .	Tiffany called her boyfriend and broke up with him .
1	Someone suggested that they make popcorn .	Marco put a bag in the microwave .
1	Mary catches the bus before it leaves .	Mary arrives at the store thanks to the bus .
1	When Carrie woke up , she tried to brace for disappointment .	But there , on her phone , was her promised text !
0	But sometimes it was a bit too much .	It was very sweet that he always wanted to hug us .
0	The next day the teacher wrote the grades on the board .	Every student in the class failed except her .
0	Chris thanked his parents sincerely and graciously for the car .	Chris loved the car very much .
0	Bill and John went on their first date and it was fantastic .	Bill was happy that John asked him out and so he agreed .
0	Her big brother had put trick candles on her cake .	It looked like they were going to go out but then they stayed lit .
0	He decided to look through it one day .	Bob had recently acquired an old box of storage from his grandfather .
0	Sal always wanted to catch a big fish but never did .	Sal loved to go fishing .
0	The ball was in the air when Tom the defender got there .	The quarterback threw Mike a long pass .
0	Jon went through navy seals boot camp .	The recruiter accepted Jon .
0	He felt inspired and moved .	John felt a way he had never felt before during that talk .
1	My son plays hockey for his college .	During one game , he injured his shoulder .
1	There was a shootout a few minutes ago .	The person who murdered his friend decided to run away .
1	Last December , it was so cold , he finally had to wear jeans .	But as soon as it was no longer sub-zero , he wore shorts again .
1	Tyler liked the rain so he decided it could n't hurt .	Until it started to hail , then it really hurt Tyler , so he ran home .
0	Sarah thought she might have caught the flu , so she went to the doctor .	Sara was n't feeling well and had a bit of a fever .
0	My team played one the game .	I purchased tickets that were close to the court .
0	Brent put on his camouflage gear .	Brent wanted to shoot a deer .
1	I relentlessly looked , but there was nothing that caught my eye .	I left empty , tired and disappointed .
1	Jack got the spare form the trunk and changed the tired .	He considered himself lucky that he had n't lost control of the car .
0	He decided to sneak into a theater	His parents kept saying he was too young .
0	His owner found the place in a mess when he got home .	He viciously ripped open the packaging and ate the treats .
1	Ian needs a warm pair of gloves for his first winter in Vermont .	Unfortunately , Ian does not have a lot of money .
0	His friends became annoyed .	Jim started humming a tune .
1	They even had an indoor waterpark .	We had a great day .
0	So evil Eva finished her lonely life in poverty .	She was shocked when the jeweler said all her rings were fake !
1	We all had races going down and running back up .	I won most of them but it was almost a tie .
0	She finally had the kitchen of her dreams .	She picked out colors .
0	They often hurt him by tackling him .	He friends played to rough for him .
1	They went shopping together to buy matching outfits .	They each bought shirts for themselves and their dates .
0	A very pretty cat named Olympia was available , so we went to see her .	We looked at the local shelter website to see the available cats .
0	Everyone knows AA is a strange cult , but we did n't expect the results .	He was doing well for a while but he began to act weird .
1	Anne went to the bar one night .	She had a few beers .
1	An employer calls him and schedules an interview .	Frank is nervous at the interview and forgets name .
1	He decided to pay for a private trainer to help improve his speed .	His trainer made him work harder than he ever had before .
1	He thought he put it on the table .	He looked back in his truck .
0	She could n't bear to leave without it .	She went inside and played with it for a while .
1	She found Tina holding the cat under the faucet .	Tina said she was seeing how many lives the cat had left .
1	He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over .	Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue .
0	He was deciding between that or a new laptop .	Tom wanted to buy a Surface Pro .
1	The Finster family had planned their first trip to the beach .	Their daughter Lillian had never been .
0	Roxy utilizes her skills to her full potential .	Richard puts up a good fight .
1	Carson could barely wait one minute !	He drank the very hot chocolate .
1	John always wanted to be a cop .	He did well during his training and was sure to get the job .
0	Jennifer got to the office early to be sure she had time to finish .	She was n't quite finished when the deadline day arrived .
0	One school day during roll call she only counted 9 children .	Laura is a kindergarten teacher in charge of ten kids .
1	Finally Aaron ordered a cup of green tea at a restaurant .	He was amazed at how delicious the green tea tasted .
0	Julie spent days preparing for the interview , but was still nervous .	She was recently invited to interview for the job of her dreams .
0	Both of the cars collided into each other .	Out of anxiety , Jenna accelerated strongly .
0	The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy .	The bus was full of people and luggage was piled on top .
1	The pair he wanted was twenty dollars .	Jimmy mowed lawns for money .
0	I liked when she asked me to mark the attendance .	I used to be my teacher 's pet in the third grade .
1	Benji leapt at the bounty hunter and pinned him to the ground .	John knocked the bounty hunter out and made his escape .
0	She bought him a robotic puppy to play with .	Finally Lenore thought of a great solution .
1	So it destroyed him when he saw the white Bronco chase .	He always hoped he was innocent , but lost his idol through the drama .
0	Her hands were shaking , and she was sweating slightly .	And now the coffee she had before class was making her jittery .
1	Amy and Beth ran up the hill together .	Beth was proud of herself for making it to the top .
0	He even builds them for friends sometimes .	He does it as often as he can .
0	She saw the crumbs on my face and sent me to my room without eating .	She called me down for dinner just as I finished .
1	Margo was going to the Rocky Horror Picture Show .	During the show , there were games .
0	From that point on , we always make an effort to watch them .	As we decided to leave , a huge meteorite lit the entire night .
0	it was raining and rather cold out .	Tim and Leslie went to the beach .
0	Sharon was thankful , and started checking the weather before driving .	The police pulled her from the car , and she was okay .
1	I tried putting it back together and it could n't work .	My doctor ended up looking for a better alternative .
0	I had to wait 30 minutes , in the dark for my roadside assistance .	My car stopped on the highway , as my car had ran out of gas !
0	She was amazed and grateful it had n't broken .	One day she dropped it on the tile floor three times !
1	The chef told all the waiters about what the specials were .	Many customers loved the salmon salad but not the pasta dish .
1	The path wound into the woods all around the park .	While riding a family of iguanas darted onto the path .
0	He asked the man nicely to move .	Someone was in his seat .
0	He saw his friend emerge from a behind a tree to greet him .	Bo found a bag of money on a park bench and held it close .
1	Nina went to the beach .	She laid down to get a tan .
1	After the movie , they were bored .	They realized that they could just walk into another movie .
1	Riley wanted to learn to skateboard really badly .	She spent weeks asking her mom for a skateboard .
0	There was nothing inside but Bill 's clothes !	Bill 's dad opened the closet door and turned on the light .
0	But all Sugar had was her namesake , and tea bags .	It was summer and they were all thirsty .
1	We used to go to Walden Pond when the kids were little .	It was only 45 minutes away from our home .
1	The bunny ate berries and fruit .	The bunny slept by the lake .
1	Her mom pulled at Nell 's arm , embarrassed .	Then she saw Nell was pointing at the family 's fancy poodle .
0	My grades were n't good , so I needed to do well on the final exam .	I did not enjoy Spanish class this year .
1	He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend , but failed .	When they wed , he thought he could stay clean for his wife , but no .
1	I researched Horace on the internet but I could not find anything .	Now I know Horace married a celebrity because I called and asked him .
0	Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps .	The lady behind the counter declined initially .
1	He seemed oblivious to the jealousy of the other students .	Gina felt it was only fair he knew they all hated him ,
0	Kevin really wanted to learn .	All of Kevin 's friends could skate board well .
1	The high school baseball team was leading the north district .	They had one more game to win to go to State .
0	He was immediately confused and contacted the principal .	Although he got every question correct , she gave him an F .
0	So she practiced her swings and hits every moment she could .	She wanted to impress her coaches at the next game .
1	Sky needed a cape for her costume .	She could not afford to buy one .
1	Then she decided to attend a rehab center .	Within three months she was clean for good !
0	I brought it out to the driveway and hooked it up .	I went to the garage and grabbed the pressure cleaner .
0	The moment they got to the park they took pictures .	They could n't contain their excitement .
0	We walked through the woods until we got to the creek .	My brother and I decided to go fishing .
1	He went to his doctor to discuss the problem .	His doctor told him that he needed surgery to fix the problem .
1	Amy 's mom brought the small brown dog home to Amy .	Amy cried tears of joy when she saw the small brown dog .
1	She worked very hard on designing it .	When the candle was finished , it was a beautiful work of art .
1	My stomach started to hurt .	I have to decided to only eat candy in small amounts from now on .
0	Her car was ruined .	Unfortunately , she struck the deer .
0	She then attempted herself .	She watched as he did it once .
1	One day , the Joneses called a realtor and started looking at houses .	After a long search , they finally found and bought the perfect one .
0	They were on sale at Walmart for Black Friday .	I wanted some new video games for Christmas .
0	The center had school funds available to those who qualified for it .	She decided to join a workforce center to seek out options .
1	Roxy wanted an apple computer .	So she went to the apple website to research computers .
0	The salesman offered me a test drive .	I went to a used car dealership to shop for a car .
1	She had jumped onto a bag of aluminum cans I was saving for recycling .	The bag was not closed properly and cans went flying everywhere .
0	He was so proud he ran straight home to show his parents .	Sam bought his first ever baseball glove .
0	Jim taught at a school for gifted , but less fortunate kids .	Jim Malone was a science teacher with a passion for music .
0	She requested to take the day off because of her headache .	Her head felt like it was splitting wide open .
0	After he got back his results , he was n't surprised .	So he decided to pay for an IQ to learn the truth .
0	The wind was deafening , and it shook the RV .	One night in Oklahoma , a tornado approached her RV .
0	Laura gets plenty of sleep and drinks liquids for a few days .	When it is finished , she realizes she has become sick .
0	Pablo was finally able to get a toy bear .	He found multiple toy bears there .
1	He quickly diagnosed the problem : she had a virus !	He helped her get rid of the virus .
0	I had to go to the hospital for medical aid .	I cut myself !
0	We also found our pet pug looking very guilty , and sick .	When we returned we found the wrapper strewn all over the house .
0	She worked for hours typing each new name , one at a time .	Anaya was given the task to rename many files .
0	When they wed , he thought he could stay clean for his wife , but no .	He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend , but failed .
1	Ariel was trying to lose weight .	Every morning , she trudged to the gym and exercised .
1	Joey thought it would be funny to mess with Simon 's Pokemon cards .	Simon told Joey that if he did n't stop , he would have to leave .
0	He normally use a machine dryer .	Joe took his clothes out of the wash .
0	Ron 's friends praised him for this generosity and threw him a party .	Because of this , he was able to invite all his friends .
0	One day they decided to prank him back .	He spent all his spare time pranking his classmates and teachers .
1	She was nervous as the judges tasted all the cakes .	When they called her name as winner , she was so happy .
0	She went to a popular restaurant there .	Mariah went to Italy .
0	Emily instead bought an apple tree at her local greenhouse .	Emily was tired of the poor quality of apples at her local store .
1	Jacob was a street performer who used a plastic bucket as a drum .	His skills impressed many people on the street every day .
0	During their visit , they received manicures and pedicures .	They made appointments at a nearby salon .
1	Timmy had to renew his driver 's license .	He went to his local DMV .
1	Jennifer wanted to take her three kids on a vacation to Disneyland .	A single mom , she worked three jobs to save enough money .
1	They went and had dinner and went to a movie .	Jane and Tom both had a great time .
1	He then spread some more around the perimeter of his house .	He put up clear signs of poison to warn his neighbors .
1	Then , he confirmed his email address .	Finally , he started using twitter .
0	Sam was next at bat , but struck out .	Bo hit a double , and made it to second base .
0	Bev saw that she had a flat tire !	She pulled over and got out to check .
1	When he got out , his first thought was to get more drugs .	But then he thought of his family .
0	Gina tossed and turned , certain she would never fall asleep .	But the couch was too soft .
1	I adopted two dogs a few Year 's ago , a male and a female .	The adoption place never informed me that they were n't fixed .
0	Luckily , the fries came out really well .	She decided to make some from scratch .
0	We visited the wax museum .	We got onto the boat , wearing raincoats .
1	He goes to the local public pool .	He usually just goes for fun and to work out .
1	Dan decided he would go to a local night club .	After finding something to wear , Dan drove to the club .
0	That 's when I realized I had bad fashion taste .	Alas , my coworkers laughed at the purse .
1	On the way home from school , Anna stepped in a puddle .	She came into her house but did n't take her shoes off .
0	It started to flood the stove .	A few minutes later , the soup exploded in the pot .
0	Other people noticed and scolded her .	Mikey tried to stop her , but she began berating the waiter .
1	Truman was overjoyed when he got his package .	However , he would need some time to adjust to the new layout .
0	They each bought shirts for themselves and their dates .	They went shopping together to buy matching outfits .
0	Suddenly something on one of the invitations caught her eye .	Now she was almost through with stuffing and sealing the envelopes .
0	She responded by telling me she hated me because I do n't contact her .	The other day I texted her with an anecdote that reminded me of her .
1	Security took too long .	Luckily I was able to get a new flight .
0	In addition , all of us went ice skating late at night .	I had the opportunity to play Twister .
1	Henry was driving to his reunion party .	He put the address of the place into his GPS .
0	Peter was able to manage not getting bitten by the snake .	The snake was menacing , and tried to attack Peter .
1	One day Jordan had a friend over so they could play video games .	Despite his friend asking , Jordan never let his friend have a turn .
0	Wanting to show off , Jenny waved her hand in the air .	She asked who knew the parts of the compound word .
1	I tried my first sip of beer in sixth grade .	I tried it at my friend 's birthday party sleepover .
1	Julia gave us a piece of cake tonight .	We asked her how her son Henry was .
1	One night I convinced my boyfriend to go with me .	He had never been to a death metal concert before .
0	Chad could not wait to go on the speed boat again .	Chad , most of all , loved the speed the boat traveled .
0	While waiting to go in , she had a special feeling in her belly .	She finally made an appointment with the doctor .
1	She said the she was happy too as long as mom made macaroni salad .	Marsha 's mom said that she already did and it 's waiting at home .
0	Joan confessed she had fantasized about the young visiting priest .	She thought she was confessing to the old parish priest .
0	They thought they could survive it as well .	The one that hit last week was supposed to be bigger .
0	Billy turned off the alarm as soon as she left .	Billy 's mother set his alarm clock , so he could get up on his own .
1	Tim tried , but was unable to get the kite off the ground .	His dad showed him how to run to get the kite in the air ,
0	Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally 's face .	The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie .
0	There was a rat in the pie and screamed out the door .	The lady showed up to pick up the pie but noticed something strange .
1	Ava was at the ice cream parlor .	She was debating what kind of cone to get .
1	He had never had a paid vacation before .	He was so happy !
0	The branches were too high for him to reach .	He walked under his apple tree .
0	I called the exterminator .	I found a few termites one day the kitchen .
0	We spent the whole night in the Hospital .	One day she did it anyway .
0	He decided he would order a pasta with a nice bolognese sauce .	He once went to a nice Italian restaurant with his family .
0	Anita was allowed to touch a sea anemone !	It was designed so kids could gently touch aquatic creatures .
0	I was able to ride the bull for eight seconds .	The bull tried to buck me off many times .
0	While writing a ticket , one man came out of the building infuriated .	They all had expired meters .
1	Then one night a popup arrived and notified him of a virus .	Jimmy tried to remove the virus but it destroyed his computer .
0	John was furious .	Last week , George spoiled what happens accidentally .
0	I worked in my backyard all day in the great weather !	I grabbed my laptop and went outside .
1	Anthony swore a lot and he often was in trouble for it .	One day he was called into the principal 's office for his swearing .
0	She decided to try and sell coleslaw to her neighbors .	She wanted to sell them but nobody wanted plain vegetables .
0	Her mom rushed out to check on her .	The bike flipped and she fell on the ground .
0	When he looked in the pantry , he noticed there was no syrup left .	Darren cooked pancakes for himself and his girlfriend .
0	Her parents were really proud of her accomplishments .	She was able to finally get her license after years of hard work .
1	The boys went in to pet the animals and had a lot of fun .	One goat bonded well with her oldest son and fell asleep in his lap .
1	During practice , he was consistently beaten .	And his teacher 's instruction resulted in no improvements .
0	Sue suggested that they go to the venue and get scalped tickets .	But when he went to buy the tickets , they were all sold out !
1	But Carl hurt his mouth and broke teeth .	Carl 's brother felt very embarrassed .
1	I asked my husband if he knew where my shoes were .	I sat down on the couch to think for a minute .
0	Dan 's broken heart knew no solace .	She would n't take any of Dan 's calls .
0	When it was his birthday , he threw out all his cigarettes .	He was determined to quit on his birthday .
0	She was playing with the steering wheel .	Gina came outside to see her niece sitting in the car .
1	They arrived at the mountain to see the beginners hill had closed .	There was no way they were going to leave without skiing .
1	Leo was a student who loved science .	He decided to enter the science fair .
1	Everyone cheered for her .	The girl was praised the rest of the day in school .
1	Donna was late to her hospital job .	She walked to her car .
0	As he was driving around a curve , a deer jumped out in front of him .	One morning , Joe was driving to work .
0	He graduated but could n't find a job .	He went to acting school .
1	First she pulled out the weeds and thorny plants .	Then she used a rake to break up the clay .
0	Soon , her dad brought her to the hospital .	Nina was anxious to meet her little brother .
0	Dan hoped there 'd be more tasks at some later point .	But he suddenly grew so tired he could n't keep his eyes open .
0	Upon further inspection , she found the seal was poor under the sill .	Erin noticed a cold draft coming through her window .
0	On Monday we we went out to dinner .	I like to drink craft beers .
1	Within days he got an email about it .	It warned him not to do it again .
0	Her daughter was quite inquisitive , Jane thought to herself .	Jane 's mother , not knowing for sure , still told her yes .
1	It was a close race but Tim pulled ahead at the end .	Tim won and felt proud
0	He had to land the plane on the road down below .	Eventually Ed got stuck in a thunderstorm .
1	His dad decided to give him extra allowance if he did more chores .	Chris did the chores he was asked to do .
0	After work , I picked up the ingredients and went home .	I was craving tacos really badly .
0	He decided to steal something for his wife .	But , he could n't afford one .
0	After jumping in , I remembered that I left my phone in my pocket .	I put on a silly voice and jumped into the pool .
1	Her dad sat in the kitchen eating a sandwich , none the wiser .	Lynn had never done anything so daring .
1	He ran out to the backyard where he 'd set a trap .	A huge jackrabbit was caught , struggling to get out of it .
1	We sell the cattle for money .	Now , we have eleven cows to sell .
1	Hosea loved conspiracy theories .	One of his favorite theories is about the Roswell alien crash .
1	Amy had one friend in her lunch period .	They sat together everyday .
1	She threatened to send him to live with his father .	Charles did n't know his father , so Charles ran away from home .
1	I have been busy studying for the past few days .	I hope to do well on my exams .
1	Then she saw a gorgeous turquoise necklace !	She bought it right away and took it to her mom .
1	I needed a new car and knew I would buy a Volkswagen .	I bought myself a diesel Volkswagen Golf .
1	He wanted to play a fun trick on her .	He wrapped his kids up in wrapping paper with bows on their heads .
0	More and more business closed down after the recession .	However , that all changed over time .
1	Unfortunately , she got lost .	She spent almost an hour wandering around .
1	He fed the kitten and got the kitten water .	He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out .
0	She needed to get her blood drawn .	Rachel had n't see a doctor in awhile .
1	Jim saw that his front steps were covered in ice .	He took some salt from his garage and spread it on the steps .
1	One day Saul cheated on Sarah and hurt her .	Now she likes Nate for she is not a child anymore .
0	Her lawyer said she must produce a document as executor of the estate .	She was exasperated .
1	She trudged through trying to keep snow out of her boots .	But her ankle height boots were no match for a foot of snow .
1	Then when he was the batter , he stroke it far .	He reached home plate .
0	Marvin felt happy in his new job .	Marvin impressed the store manager and was hired .
0	Luckily , when Melissa pointed this out , her friend apologized .	She seemed louder and more abrasive .
1	She tumbled all the boxes down the stairs to save time .	The boxes were a bit crumpled but still in good shape .
1	He came home and decided to go for a jog .	Mark was not used to exercising and it was hard for him .
0	She screamed and jumped back .	I decided to get close and touch her with my hands .
1	I used to sell books online .	I stored some books in the condo hallway .
1	Nichole could really use that money to pay her rent which was late .	But Nicole went to the address on the license to return the wallet .
0	Tyler ran after the pretty girl .	A pretty girl walked right by him .
1	One day I lost Bob outside .	I looked all over for Bob .
1	The day is finally here .	They have decided to wear three different outfits .
1	Libby eagerly opened the box .	Libby tried on her new shoes .
1	Suddenly , one bag tore open .	A carton of eggs fell onto the driveway .
0	He is very happy how his bedroom looks with gray walls .	Fernando takes a day off work to paint his bedroom .
1	Before he left he took basic Spanish classes .	He learned some great travel Spanish phrases .
0	But he was too lazy to cook .	Ricky really wanted breakfast .
1	Her lover gave her a beautiful fur coat .	Her husband became suspicious .
1	Briana and Jamie were playing outside .	They wanted to go to the general store but only had one bike .
0	Now the light bulb and desk were broken too .	But the weak legs of the desk collapsed .
0	When it came time to throw the bouquet everyone lined up .	It was a lovely ceremony .
1	She treated herself to a big shopping trip to buy new clothes .	She gave all her old clothes away since they did n't fit now .
1	Sally was excited when the package came .	She slipped on the wig , but it fell over her eyes .
0	They became married and eventually had a son .	One day Rex met a nice woman who liked him despite his shortcomings .
0	Jim apologized by giving his boss some chocolate .	Jim had given his boss the cold .
1	He , twenty years her senior , met her in the park .	They walked for hours , enjoying each other 's company .
1	Quentin spent months on the project , working on and off .	His initial tests were last week .
1	Fin filled out the application , and took the test .	When he could n't do anything extraordinary , he blamed negative energy .
0	Jason had a sleep study performed and discovered he had sleep apnea .	He went to the Doctor about his energy level .
0	But Mai found her daughter with their tenant when the door opened .	Mai waited by the door and insisted they get up now .
0	He gathered some friends together that he could count on to invest .	He thought of a scheme to raise the funds he needed .
0	The winner of the race thanked the last place guy for the motivation .	Last place guy went to the sidelines and cheered everyone else on .
1	It was so spicy that they cried through the whole meal .	But they had no regrets .
0	He then watched his favorite show .	He ended up turning on netflix .
0	The crowd was too mellow for Brian 's enthusiasm .	He gathered some friends and attended it .
1	James passed out as his car spun around .	He woke up in the hospital .
1	It was a family of four - two parents and kids .	One day my wife was parking her car in the condo lot .
0	Her father dragged the boy into the house .	He was caught throwing rocks .
1	Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head .	I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache .
0	He rushed over .	She started feeling contractions and called her husband .
1	When I looked up there was a rainbow .	It stretched for miles across the town .
1	Today Carrie tied the dog outside and went into the bakery .	She came out and split a jelly doughnut with her dog .
0	The person had earphones on .	And he noticed someone next to him listening to music .
1	Tammy taught her cat to flush the toilet .	One weekend , Tammy 's mom came to visit .
0	It took a while to get used to you to the CPAP but it really helped me	The sleep specialist I saw recommended a CPAP to help me sleep .
1	They boys had a fishing trip planned .	They bought all their supplies .
0	He got a thorn in his paw .	My dog has been trying to `` help . ''
1	Around night time , Jane saw Dan in front of her house .	He told her to look outside .
1	She realized she needed to do something about it .	She went to a doctor and was diagnosed with ADHD .
0	He thought he had lots of time , and did n't start until the day before .	His friends got started on their assignments , but Felix did not .
1	She checked the mail .	There was a pile of stuff in the box .
0	After conducting research , Amanda found a reputable acting coach .	Amanda researched acting classes on the internet .
0	The store was out of paper money .	Ching Ming is a Chinese ceremony honoring the dead .
0	Her hand slipped when she was shooting cause the arrow to fly wild .	Well that 's all that she planned to shoot .
0	He wrote a negative review and turned it into the magazine .	However his food came and was lukewarm and seemed cheap .
1	Kim walked out to her car and had a flat tire .	Her cell phone was n't charged .
1	Jim noticed a small rash on his ear .	It was itching and causing him some discomfort .
0	Him and his family listened to a lecture about astronomy .	He was amazed by the rocketships .
1	There use to be a white cat that greets me every day at my porch .	I would pet it and sometimes feed it .
0	His girlfriend loved it !	He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear .
0	When they left , the children waved farewell to the farmer .	June and her children got to visit with all the different animals .
1	Tim was tired of being bullied at school .	He called out his biggest bully to a fight .
0	Her mom stayed with her and took her to the doctor .	She stayed home from school .
0	She quickly realized that horses were n't scary animals at all .	Ash was terrified at first .
0	A few hours later she reappeared with something in her mouth .	Her mom assured her she would come back .
0	At first his coffee is n't very good , but he gradually improves .	Carson decides to start making coffee at home each morning .
0	The wind hit his face with a mighty chil .	He put on jacket and headed out the door .
0	But she told him it was a waste of time .	He told his math teacher that he memorized 50 digits of it .
0	She was sure she was on the right floor .	Kim could n't find her car in the garage .
1	Carlton hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set .	He took it the Goodwill store down the street .
1	He teacher was being interviewed by a local news reporter .	Timmy congratulated his teacher in class the next day .
1	Tara had really bad back pain .	She went to her doctor to get it checked out .
0	All of a sudden , the rapids became extreme and they were dragged away .	They set up their kayaks and climbed in to begin their trek .
1	However , that all changed over time .	More and more business closed down after the recession .
0	Bob adopted the puppy and named him Spot .	Bob saw a black and white puppy that he liked .
0	Finally his work was done for the day .	Measured everything and cut it exactly .
0	He just turned 16 , but they celebrated Marks 4th birthday .	It was also Marks birthday , so he went out with friends .
1	The snow fell for a little while , and then stopped .	A few hours later , it started snowing again .
1	Suddenly his car sputtered and died .	Tim was terrified !
1	She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life .	Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block .
0	Jan bought a new suit to ease her nerves .	She was initially nervous .
1	She did n't want to take her eight month old daughter .	So Doug kept his daughter 's baby , fed her and played with her all day .
1	Abby started dating a boy from class .	Things were going great .
1	April hated going to her internship because she hated her coworkers .	One day she met a man who was the shoe-shiner in her building .
0	However , her dentist tells her that she needs to floss to be healthy .	Cornelia has always hated flossing her teeth .
0	And he settled on a powerful industrial fan .	He looked for a fan that could blow cool air into his room .
0	She was being driven back home	She was caught sneaking out at midnight at a friend 's house .
0	The man at the car repair shop told Amy there was a hole in her floor .	After 6 months the indentation was deep so Amy took it to a shop .
1	He would lash out at anyone he sees .	His parents brought him to counselling .
1	She thought she was confessing to the old parish priest .	Joan confessed she had fantasized about the young visiting priest .
0	David 's girlfriend decided to make BBQ pulled pork at home .	They really enjoyed their food !
0	Soon the pain was accompanied by nausea .	As she sat at her desk the pain grew more and more intense .
1	While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming .	They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited .
1	Ben 's friends went wild with excitement .	Ben Sherman back was still turned so he was confused .
1	My sister and I sang with glee .	Christmas is my favorite time of the year .
0	Next time , I will avoid skiing during vacation week .	Children were constantly getting in my way .
0	He bought concessions and went to his seat .	Jim went with his 8-year-old son .
1	Christian wanted to learn to bake .	His mother gave him her cookbook .
0	They were making a lot of noise as she took the test .	She was wearing a lot of bracelets .
1	He got out of bed to turn the alarm off .	It was cold , so he put on his robe .
1	Luckily , a nurse there offered to watch the toddler .	Joanne was able to have her new baby in peace .
1	Hank angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music .	But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes .
0	I would slide really fast .	I used to slide down the poles all day .
0	The only problem was , he needed a gym partner and had none .	Plotting out local gyms , he had come to choose between two .
0	I enjoy these as my afternoon snack at work .	I keep several packets of vanilla sugar wafers in my car .
1	He took up reading voraciously .	He read many of the most highly regarded works of literature .
0	He bought them their coffee and they sat down to chat .	Hew was really nervous when he finally met up with her .
0	Her friend Tami stayed by her side for recess .	But she was enjoying being cooler than her friends .
1	Nala met a cute guy at the mall .	He asked her for coffee .
0	Shelly said it was because of her 80 year old father 's wishes .	Shelly , a white woman , told us she would never date a black man .
1	Kyle was mad at all the politically correct statements .	He went on facebook to start insulting people .
1	One pulled up in between him and another person .	He asked the other guy if he could take it .
1	They had made it more than halfway through the game .	Then , Katie needed a specific card for her turn .
0	Blaine then declared bankruptcy .	Blaine racked up a large amount of debt .
0	She reminded Sue that her grandma had made her a patchwork quilt .	Sue wanted a leopard print bed-in-a-bag , but her mom said no .
0	Harriet quit the company .	Harriet was his manager .
1	One child saw this action and was drawn into the monkey .	The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment .
0	Luckily , she managed to find several quarters .	Quickly , she began digging through her mom 's purse .
1	She heard an animal crying .	She walked up to it .
0	He then used a razor to shave his face .	He went to the bathroom and lathered his face in shaving cream .
0	His initial tests were last week .	Quentin spent months on the project , working on and off .
1	When he woke up , he ran to the oven .	He found out that the chicken was burnt .
1	At 7 AM she turned on the TV in her room .	There was only news and cartoons on the 4 channels she had .
1	On the last day of class , my teacher praised me for my improvement .	My hard work paid off !
0	Every week he met with his tutor .	He hired a tutor to help him learn spanish .
1	The orthodontist told me not to chew gum .	I did n't care to listen to her .
0	He selected a four foot tall monkey .	He got to pick any prize he wanted .
0	She did 4 sets of squats during her workout .	Jenna hit the weight hard in the gym .
1	Melanie only mouthed the words , while her friend sang aloud .	The music teacher was impressed and accepted them into the choir .
0	But as soon as it was no longer sub-zero , he wore shorts again .	Last December , it was so cold , he finally had to wear jeans .
0	Neither had her dad !	At the end of the day , Kim had caught nothing .
0	As people were crowding in the train John pressed the close button .	John was in a rush .
1	She took teddy down the slides , on the swings , and in the sand box .	Ella heard her mom calling that it was time to go home .
1	Neff got a paper in the mail .	She had been summoned for jury duty !
1	Duke hated buying a whole cd for only two songs .	He began buying individual songs on iTunes and loved it .
0	He confessed that he 's homosexual .	Jerry asked his father if they can talk .
0	She had brought home a dozen donuts !	He looked to see what she had brought .
1	I needed to get insurance .	I decided to call a few companies .
0	They were very mad .	They argued about who it belonged to .
1	His mother took him to the doctor .	Ralph was afraid the doctor would give him a shot .
1	A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg .	Mark was severely injured .
1	The vet informed Kay vina was pregnant .	Vina gave birth to 5 little kittens who looked like her .
1	Tom went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle .	Tom eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed Sally .
0	He took some salt from his garage and spread it on the steps .	Jim saw that his front steps were covered in ice .
0	He caught a huge wave .	Tito went surfing one morning in Hawaii .
1	Todd stayed in bed all day .	He took a vitamin supplement .
0	He stirred up trouble with all of his friends .	Joe enjoyed gossiping about people .
0	Jake ran and asked his mother if he could have one , .	They were at Jake 's house .
0	He chose to write about beavers .	He had to write a report on one .
0	I put the turtle into a box and released it near a pond .	I think it crawled through a window .
1	All Ali could think about was the bully who gave her a mean scowl .	The bully would be at the museum as well .
1	The book was the Autobiography of Malcolm X .	Brett read the book and it changed his life forever .
0	She said he would always be first in her heart .	His mother put his mind at ease .
1	The mean girl Lisa would never let Cindy play with her .	As a result , Cindy would cry everyday .
0	So she decided to catch it .	Sarah saw a beautiful butterfly outside .
1	Manny was driving down the street when he saw a car wreck .	He got out of the car to investigate .
0	The rope was pulled tightly between the two teams .	The two classes of children engaged in a game of Tug of War .
0	Alex thew food back .	Dan threw mashed potatoes at his friend Alex in the cafeteria .
1	She carried the pot to her table to serve some .	She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound .
1	She took her baby boy to the doctor .	The doctor said the baby was doing very well .
0	It was a man carrying her cat .	One day there was a knock at the door .
0	He decided to go on a short vacation .	Jim had a week off from work .
0	I called the police and I safely made it home shortly after .	I was n't hurt , but my car was totaled .
1	It was designed so kids could gently touch aquatic creatures .	Anita was allowed to touch a sea anemone !
1	Shaking my head , I look at Will Smith killing aliens in amazement .	The best actor is stuck acting like his son is n't an embarrassment .
0	His vest bomb had been bothering him for the better part of a day .	The jihadist called the support line with a complaint of an itch .
1	He specifically said get the cheap kind and give him change .	When they friend came back they had tons of expensive beer .
0	When the response finally arrived , Jon frantically tore it open .	Several weeks passed without reply , and John grew despondent .
1	My niece told me that she hopes the baby is a girl .	That was a bit surprising since she has always said she wants a boy .
1	Addison likes ferryboats .	She takes one to work every day .
1	There must be a better way to sell his device !	He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his .
0	They both had a great time on the trip .	Her friend was surprised and elated .
0	Next , the person shared pictures of Maria with celebrities .	That person took photos of Maria .
1	She watched everyday as he took off his glasses and closed his eyes .	He got up and off at the stop before hers , everyday .
0	She had just received a response in the mail .	Aria had applied for a school a few months ago .
0	There was a really pretty girl there too .	I went to get bagels at the coffee shop .
1	He made a quick turn and then saw a little girl on a bike .	He was going so fast he could n't stop himself from colliding with her .
0	The knots in the wood showed no sign of stopping their constant gaze .	They were still there watching her .
1	It was high time to get started working out .	I went to the local gym and setup a membership .
1	Amy informed the caller there was no supervisor .	The caller was even more irate than before .
1	Abby was a city girl .	She never thought about where eggs came from .
1	There , he observed the laid-back lifestyle and exotic tropical setting	The waters and landscapes were amazing .
1	She decided to make some life changes .	She started seeing a life coach .
0	The practitioner asked for a volunteer to have a needle inserted .	Milly was shocked by how long the needles were .
0	The store said I ca n't return them .	Then I remembered that she 's allergic .
1	Joe wanted to go out .	Joe call his friends to go out .
1	One day when she was hiking , she found a nest .	Inside the nest was three baby birds .
0	John complained to his parents .	He hated the peppermint taste and it 's hard crunch .
0	She was very excited .	Tina got a new job as a cook at a new restaurant .
1	I knocked the ball out of the park !	Alas , it broke a window of a house !
0	He 'd been in a wheelchair for the better part of his life .	Will had fallen , and was paralyzed .
1	I got passed on a promotion at work ,	When I asked my boss how come he said that he thought I was n't ready .
0	Her arm smacked the wall .	She tripped over her shoe lace .
0	When her dad was out , Angela sneaked the 3-wheeler key .	Angela invited Heather to her farm for the weekend .
1	She was telling the cashier she 'd forgotten her wallet !	Tim stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee .
1	Cathy was on the hunt for a brand new car .	Nothing was just so perfect for Cathy to ride in .
1	His teacher could n't believe how quickly he learned .	But George preferred to watch television instead of practice .
1	Ian was studying for an exam .	He forgot the material he was supposed for .
0	He put up clear signs of poison to warn his neighbors .	He then spread some more around the perimeter of his house .
0	She spent weeks asking her mom for a skateboard .	Riley wanted to learn to skateboard really badly .
1	One day she found a lovely unmarked handbag at the local thrift store .	She debated whether to buy it as it was fifty dollars .
0	As she was walking she ran into her neighbor Tom .	Suzy went for a walk .
0	I bent down and one of favorite earrings fell in with her .	The pendant she wore was crooked so I tried to adjust it
1	Amanda researched acting classes on the internet .	After conducting research , Amanda found a reputable acting coach .
0	People began to ask for him to appear in interviews .	Mike wrote a popular book and became a famous author .
0	Sam swung at a small tree and chopped it down .	Brian gave his axe to Sam .
1	He grabbed his hammer and some nails and walked over to the wall .	He began to hammer a nail into a chosen spot .
1	Allison and Jesse were fighting .	No matter how hard either of them tried , they could n't agree .
0	The guy looked around and wondered how long he was asleep .	He awoke in a panic and paddled ashore .
1	I rode that bike and crashed it at high speed .	I limped home , bleeding , to the `` i told you so '' of my parents .
0	She goes above and beyond in an effort to earn them .	My cat loves getting treats .
1	He wanted to go to every fast food burger place in New York .	He started going to 10 a day .
0	When he got away from Molly , he noticed it did n't stink .	Mike noticed that something smelt bad so he left to the bathroom .
1	Jasmine and her dad love Star Wars .	The new movie is about to show in 2 days .
0	I learned that I should n't play with matches .	I was arrested and sentenced to prison for arson .
0	But Charles showed his mother the cash and she made him return it .	Rakesh gave his friend , Charles , $ 75 !
1	Tom decided to start working out this year .	He researched different gyms in his hometown .
0	So they give him some testosterone injections .	After running several tests they figure out he has too much estrogen .
0	I needed sponsors to finish the project .	It has been very expensive and time consuming .
0	It involved shooting and stealing .	Megan was playing a videogame her friend had given her .
1	Cindy knew there were hungry groundhogs in the area .	She put up a short fence around her garden to protect it .
1	She suggested a wonderful picture book about a girl on an adventure .	Tabitha decided to choose that book .
0	Timmy helped comfort Noah so Noah could get the help needed .	Noah would not go inside unless Timmy went with him .
0	Dave switched to decaf coffee .	He stayed in bed and skipped work .
1	One day an editor called asking to buy all his short stories .	He finally got his shot .
1	Unfortunately though , we could n't have samples .	Therefore we were disappointed .
0	He was really happy since it tasted good .	Gary took a sip of the fruit punched .
0	He was arrested by the police for robbery .	Luke decided to rob a convenience store .
0	His dog loved riding in the truck .	Tom decided to bring his dog .
1	He gave me a brochure about his company .	It was on the site of a railroad locomotive factory .
0	On her birthday , they presented May with the backstage pass .	Her parents secretly bought May a backstage pass to meet the band .
0	He looked all over the house and in the yard and asked his parents .	Pedro went to feed his dog , Rufus but could n't find him anywhere .
1	Paul went to the movies .	He bought some popcorn .
0	When they reached the stadium , George 's father was so excited !	George 's father had no idea where they were going .
0	I need to get new tires she thought .	She pulled over and changed the tire .
0	She liked her a lot .	To her surprise Dr Pratt was very gracious .
1	A cloud passed over the sun and it bothered the cats .	One cat jumped off the fence to try to get back into the light .
1	They had a very fun evening and Sandy realized she had missed them .	Sandy was soon back to normal , regularly going out and enjoying life .
1	I went to Chicago on vacation .	I was really excited to try some delicious pizza there .
1	He was having a hard time with it .	He was getting a poor grade .
0	Gina asked where she got it .	Gina 's friend Tami had a colorful new folder .
1	Lana was starting her first day at a new school .	She was so scared that nobody would like her !
0	Suddenly he sees a fire in his room .	Greg was on webcam .
0	It was too hard .	However she only lasted a week .
1	Ray had been a fan since he was a kid .	Every chance he got he would try and catch a game .
1	They love to pretend to swim and use bath crayons .	They especially love to splash which tends to make a mess .
1	She put the money in a savings account and never touched it .	After one year , she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted .
1	His parents was very proud .	He brought great happiness to his whole family .
0	After several years , Craig completed a play he was writing .	He really wanted to be a play writer , however .
1	It was a Ford Taurus .	Her girlfriend said it was a lame car and she would n't ride in it .
1	Jeff is the boss at his company and oversees thirty employees .	He has to write performance reviews for each employee .
0	Tim tripped over his lace and dropped the kite string .	He did n't realized his shoe was untied .
0	They bring the kids to Ani 's house .	Ani 's brother had his two kids taken away from him by CPS .
0	He just barely passed all of his classes .	Finally Charles decided to apply himself and work harder .
0	Steve took that as they have an open relationship now .	She told Steve he can do whatever he wants .
0	Tim researched treatment methods online .	One day Tim noticed pain in his wrists .
0	The audience had to move to the side to avoid the hit .	Instead of hitting the ball , she threw the bat .
0	Then his roommate walked in wearing Charles ' undergarments .	One morning , he noticed a pair of his underwear and socks missing .
0	He did n't hear her at all since he was wearing his headphones .	Tanya was trying to communicate with Khan .
1	One day she dropped it on the tile floor three times !	She was amazed and grateful it had n't broken .
1	We gave him nuts and seeds to eat .	As time went on we saw less and less of Skippy
0	But , Jane knew the answers because she watched an earlier broadcast .	Jan impressed her co-workers with her knowledge of game show trivia .
1	Unfortunately they lost power .	The girls then had to turn on the generator .
1	I began watching my macronutrients and intake .	I also began working out .
0	There was a rainbow in sky .	The sky turned blue .
0	She had been homeschooled all her life up until then .	Lea was nervous about starting high school .
1	All of the kids ran towards the table to eat out the food .	When I found the tray on the table , it was completely empty .
1	The juice feel on the floor and soaked the play-station .	The system short-circuited and could n't turn on again .
1	Mark 's dad had noticed he was helping his mother a lot with chores .	To thank Mark , his dad decided to buy him tickets to go to a game .
1	He especially loved the rituals associated with all the holidays .	Early in December Dakota lit candles for eight nights .
1	Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them .	Soon , all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill 's house .
0	I cooked it in a rush .	I decided to eat rice .
0	Then , they paddled out to the middle of a lake .	They got into a rowboat .
1	The bread started to burn in the toaster .	I had to unplug it .
0	She threw some bread into the toaster .	Maggie was making breakfast .
1	I was walking up the stairs .	Suddenly , I fell !
0	He popped the question and is now married to Ann .	Tom went out and bought the engagement ring .
1	Steve began visiting the gym every day .	Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained .
1	She went from drinking 5 to 1 cup of coffee a day .	Susie felt healthier after moderating her dosage of caffeine .
0	After three hours they walked home hand in hand !	Tammy and her brother had a great time .
1	Bob said , `` mom never beats me when we have company '' .	Bob 's brother confronted his mom and the abuse stopped .
1	It was more work than he realized .	And the hot weather did n't help .
1	But Lily wants to play with Becky down the street .	When Lilly 's mom asks if she has homework , she lies and says no !
1	She decided to volunteer at a shelter .	At the shelter , she was given the job of cleaning cages .
1	Jan asked staff if there were any other bananas available .	The employee said those were all the bananas they had .
0	He made straight for the elevator when he reached the building .	Randall was late for an important business meeting .
1	The tree fell on Fred and he broke his arm .	He had to go to the hospital .
1	I decided to eat rice .	I cooked it in a rush .
0	They got the sticks and stones together .	Her friends joined .
0	I biked six miles through city streets to my job .	I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work .
1	She works two jobs and has two kids .	She asked her mom if she would watch the kids for a weekend .
1	He decided to look for a new pair to buy .	He was surprised to see that new running shorts were so expensive .
0	Amanda did a price comparison for a new car and used car .	Amanda needed to decide if she should get a new or used car .
0	They argued over it for a while .	His wife did n't like that idea .
1	Since I felt bad for her , I decided to take it .	However , I had to pay $ 40 for parking .
0	Unfortunately within minutes we were overrun by ants .	We picked a nice area and set up a sheet and ate sandwiches .
0	I looked over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .	There was nothing in our yard .
1	Tom went out to the club last night .	After a few drinks , he went out to the dance floor .
0	Maria left her house very early in order to get there on time .	There was a snowstorm coming and Maria had to drive to work .
1	Joe took his clothes out of the wash .	He normally use a machine dryer .
0	Since the floors were slippery , the car fell of course .	Elena made a large turn into the highway .
1	She had no household chores to do .	She lay back down and enjoyed doing nothing .
1	He was always driving over the speed limit .	He was pulled over by a policeman for going over the speed limit .
0	I walked back to the table .	Although I felt unappreciated , I held my own ground .
0	I walked out of the room and forgot about it .	I put everything on a plate in the microwave .
1	It was the end of the game and the scores were tied with Bill at bat !	Bill focused and hit a hard home run , winning his team the game !
0	His shoes got soaked .	He ended up falling into a fountain .
0	She was helping the baby eat lunch .	Today I saw a woman with a baby .
1	The teacher was particularly impressed by her natural talent .	The teacher will come back tomorrow to give another lesson .
1	Paul did n't want to go to school today .	He pretended to be sick .
1	It always had its blinds down .	A very large woman came to the door .
0	It was lying on the ground , empty inside .	When Henry came back into the living room , he found the box .
1	She could n't figure out who had put it there .	She asked around and no one would claim it .
0	She sat at the table with her plate .	Rachel was about to eat some pancakes .
0	I sent these items to work .	I sent cookies to my daughter .
0	Then after enough time , he sampled his homemade brew .	He added all the ingredients , measured carefully .
0	The coach gave her drills to do .	She asked the coach for help .
0	He had totally forgotten about it .	When Chuck got to school he realized he had a test .
1	Tim was trying to fix the electrical wiring in his home .	He had some broken wire in a wall so he needed to buy new wire .
0	As time went on we saw less and less of Skippy	We gave him nuts and seeds to eat .
0	He tried to pour in oil but spilled it a little .	He found the oil cap and removed it .
0	Samantha took one last taste and decided that it was ready .	After sipping it again , salt was thrown into balance the flavor .
1	She looked in other parts of her purse .	She realized there was a line forming .
1	He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear .	His girlfriend loved it !
0	But the new boy had n't been bullied .	She had hoped the bully would pick on the new boy in her class .
0	In addition , she ended up moving Henry 's homework .	When Henry 's mom came home , she started to arrange the house .
1	He refused to let anyone help .	Tim thought hard , but could n't think of anything .
1	Mark was convinced there was a ghost in his house .	His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real .
0	She learns that her sister has been committing crime using her name .	When she does the officer arrests her .
0	The cup was full of old moldy milk .	He was digging through his room when he found a cup .
0	Sara did n't go back to the fair for the rest of this year .	It scared her being up there alone all that time .
0	The fall caused the man to land on his shoulder .	The cane got stuck in a crack and the man fell .
0	They were sitting in the primary class .	Sylvia was invited to go to church with her friend .
0	Suddenly , a bunch of ash fell onto the floor .	Ashley was smoking a cigarette in her bedroom .
1	Steve gathered courage and asked Tina to study together that night .	Tina said yes and soon they started dating each other !
0	The pie was delicious .	She cut them up , and baked a pie with them !
1	Henry did a celebrating dance when he ended up winning .	Gerald ended up throwing his controller at him .
0	Luke rode his bike to the barbershop .	He called around to some local barbers .
0	He passed a homeless man who asked him for spare change .	Jake was walking home from his college class .
0	She ended up throwing the whole drink up .	Amanda tried her best , but the taste made her sick .
0	His friends dared him to right the visitors train .	He was in a road trip one day .
0	The night of the dinner , he was really nervous .	Tim asked the girl he liked out to dinner .
0	Finally she decided to just suck it up and wait .	Monica did n't want to wait but knew her daughter would be upset .
0	She spent hours looking under tables and digging in the couch .	One day , she planned on finding every coin in her house .
0	He knew there would be jump ropes and hula hoops to play with .	Iggy wanted to impress his friends at the last day of school party .
0	She had to ice it and keep her foot up for a few days .	She twisted her ankle .
1	William has a macbook .	It started messing up for him .
0	Fortunately she did n't fail me just because I hit the curb !	I pulled myself together , doing great the rest of the test .
1	Harry brought a rat to London one day to be his pet .	After a while , Harry and members of his family got sick .
0	He secretly put his food in his napkin when his boss was n't looking .	He let his boss order for him since he did n't know what to eat .
1	The game was almost over , and the bases were loaded .	Brian was nervous as he went up to the plate .
0	The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home .	Saturday it rained .
0	He found her in his bedroom with the tuna .	The only explanation was the cat .
1	There was a keyboard on the side of the road .	Roy stopped and picked it up .
1	They all came to her room and surrounded her .	Together they prayed that she would get better .
1	When she stepped on a scale , Joan had actually gained weight .	Then she looked at the calorie info on the salad dressing label .
1	She painstakingly trained herself to alter her natural accent .	Only when she got very angry or excited did it start to slip through .
1	Amy was on a canoe trip .	She pushed her canoe off the river bank .
1	Brittany was excited for her upcoming high school prom .	She was looking forward to in very much .
0	He ran to the bathroom .	His stomach was upset .
1	I was craving tacos really badly .	After work , I picked up the ingredients and went home .
0	When he got home , he realized they were on his head the whole time .	It started to get dark and he still had n't found his glasses .
0	The father got mad and hung up .	The man on the phone laughed .
0	Jane did n't know how to react .	He began yelling about how long his food was taking .
0	She decided to offer her time instead .	But she had no money to donate .
1	Mia only has an air mattress and does n't want the dogs on it .	Mia makes sure to keep the dogs from her room .
0	Anna feared her was far out of her league .	But Peter was very cute and popular .
0	I heated the ravioli for 2-3 minutes before eating it .	I ran into a can of ravioli .
1	I bought all the items to make it .	When I got home , I ate real well !
1	So she purchased yarn and began to knit Kim 's sweater herself .	Kim loved her homemade sweater more than any other sweater ever !
0	She accidentally knocked the bottom of her tower with her knee !	However , she made a mistake while stacking them .
1	One time he completely lost his voice for two days .	We were secretly hoping he would not get it back .
0	His first chore was to milk an old cow .	One morning he forced himself to wake at dawn , despite feeling sleepy .
1	Before he knew it he had drank too much .	Tim lost decision making abilities and drove home drunk .
0	I told him a broken mirror is 7 years bad luck .	My friend Rupert was carrying a long mirror to his room .
1	It took about three hours she said .	She told me the worst part was the chemical smell .
0	I soon realized the battery in my watch died .	I was confused because it was dark outside .
1	Rachel decided to babysit on the weekends on top of her job .	After a month , Rachel had made a lot of money babysitting .
1	He woke up hours later in a garbage bag under water .	He hurriedly opened the bag and swam to the surface .
1	He was approached by two young men outside of the store .	The two men attacked Dean , and stole his money .
0	She got up to investigate and found a mosquito flying around her head .	Jamie was working on her computer when something bit her leg .
0	In person , he tried to ignore me .	However , he became frustrated .
1	Craig was saving up to buy his dream car .	He was finally able to buy it .
1	When he got home , he opened the can .	There were several worms inside .
1	A farmer was plowing his field when his plow hit something .	The farmer thought he had hit a rock , so he needed to dig it out .
0	When spring came , his skills transferred over easily !	He got really good at ice skating over the long winter .
1	He went to the mall with his mother .	His mother bought him new shirts and jeans .
0	They also played bingo one night .	They had great gourmet dinners there .
0	Brad was so happy he almost danced with glee !	On opening night , he heard kids saying it was the scariest thing ever !
1	However , I did n't have enough money .	As I walked away , I found another quarter on the floor .
1	She arrived at the office on time .	Then she tried to check in .
0	He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases .	Lester enjoyed watching movies at the theater .
0	He tried to throw balls , give them bones , nothing worked .	Mark always was trying to find things for his dogs to do together .
0	He was given detention .	Dan cut class yesterday .
0	The doctors told Tom he was going to be okay .	Tom went to the hospital to investigate his sickness .
1	I have been lifting weights to make me stronger .	The weight lifting has made me much faster .
0	Alex gave him a ladder .	He just could n't reach it .
0	She noticed and decided to sit next to him .	There was someone that he had n't seen before and started to draw .
1	He spent four hours saying bye to his best friends .	He promised to stay in touch with each of them .
1	His doctors told him that he may not be able to exercise again .	Nick was afraid he would have to spend his life bed ridden .
1	She lived two doors over and we always walked together .	One day her Dad invited me on a trip with her family .
1	Meisha 's husband encouraged her and practiced with her everyday .	Meisha went to the comedy club and felt very prepared .
0	Mom saw the yawn and the cover-up and smiled .	Not wanting to be sent to bed , she quickly covered her mouth .
0	Hallie refused to let him sleep .	He tried finding a safe place to take a nap .
1	She looked online and saw someone giving them away .	Sally went with her parents and got the puppy .
0	His family went there every summer .	Sam loved to go to the cabin .
0	I wanted to visit her but the stench was truly horrific .	Sam was a beautiful girl but she lived in that place .
1	When he woke up , he noticed he crushed his glasses .	When he got home , Rick took them to his Dad who fixed them .
1	Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes .	Lucy measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl .
0	When I found the tray on the table , it was completely empty .	All of the kids ran towards the table to eat out the food .
0	He 'd never been to one before .	Dan bought a ticket to a dance in Estonia .
1	Greg was at work and was eating lunch in the breakroom .	He brought a bag of carrots to eat .
1	A friend in college said he needed spiritual enlightenment .	Audrey prayed and meditated and then sat down to write .
0	He immediately realized that his zipper was wide open .	Yan looked down .
0	He wanted to live on and stay with his family .	As much as he liked to play football , it frightened him .
1	They got ready and she picked them up .	They drove two hours to the city to the concert .
0	He now lives a happy and sober life .	Joe checked himself into a rehab center .
0	Her parents would take her to different restaurants often .	Audrey was afraid to try new foods .
1	she was n't able to do many things .	Everyday at school she was bullied .
0	Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue .	He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over .
1	Trevor went to the lake one day to fish .	Trevor sat down by the lake and threw out a fishing line .
0	When he took Michael 's license , he noticed that it 's outdated .	The police pulled Michael to the side of the road .
0	Her lover took her to the hospital and they put a pin in her ankle .	One foot collapsed to the ground and she felt her ankle break .
1	A boy in class found a rubber band on the floor .	He stretched it across his fingers like a gun .
0	He read online that he needs to eat double the calories then he was .	Although he is not seeing any results with his body .
1	Lynsey did not try very hard at her studies .	She preferred to talk to boys and skip class .
0	Samantha wanted to do something special for her mom .	It was mother 's day !
0	Ella heard her mom calling that it was time to go home .	She took teddy down the slides , on the swings , and in the sand box .
1	Mike pocketed the money and went to pay for the book .	He used the money to buy the book .
0	Jimmy lost control of his fishing rod and lost it in the water .	A fish bit Jimmy 's line .
1	But it was too big so she could n't get it in .	She had to fix burgers that she had in the freezer instead .
1	She was by the jeans when the alarm went off .	Kelly was shocked and scared .
1	Tim broke his ankle playing sports .	He was mad that he could n't play sports for two weeks .
1	Eventually he was able to save up for a new book .	He broke the piggy bank to get the change .
0	She gets depressed and sad .	People judge and ridicule Angela .
0	Now Chris no longer has to deal with dry hands .	He is amazed at how well the lotion works .
1	Luckily , a passing stranger noticed her struggle and offered to help .	The two conversed and laughed as the person carried her luggage .
0	It was baking well until someone slammed a door in the house .	Tara tried to make a cake .
1	When it was all done , she saw that she had extra paint .	She decided to use it for a project .
1	A big storm with dark clouds blew in .	The neighbors came to the door .
1	He said it was really yucky !	He ran home and jumped in the shower .
1	Mike wrote a popular book and became a famous author .	People began to ask for him to appear in interviews .
0	Finally he resigned to being a cat owner .	He put up posters for the cat but no one responded .
1	So far , his boss had n't received anything .	Alex decided to look for a business that could help .
0	She worked on her presentation in PowerPoint .	She had to prepare a speech to present in front of class .
0	The machine manufacturer had to open the entire machine .	However , the dispenser trapped his hand .
1	Ted had a big test tomorrow .	He did not study all week .
0	I did n't know whether I wanted pizza or chinese food .	During a movie night , I was craving food .
1	The next day , Haley ran into Nancy .	She was trying when her boyfriend dumped her .
1	It was very exciting and informational .	I decided that I would really like to study geology .
1	We each picked different scenes .	Mine did n't turn out so great .
1	He caught it in the end zone .	He won the game .
0	Three years ago I auditioned for the Kansas City Symphony .	I am a violinist and have taken many orchestra auditions .
0	It took 5 hours to put it together and install it .	I bought a new garage door opener .
0	This baby cried nonstop .	This baby was very cute , but had a problem .
1	People then decided to start making fun of Vlad .	Vlad did n't like it very much .
1	Sherry adored her husband Henry , and they 'd been married for Years .	He surprised her one day as they made love by singing to her .
0	They have the best pizza .	One of my favorite pizzas is from whole foods .
0	They both laughed for a while and crammed extra hard .	Michelle was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong book .
0	She considered starting it that night .	She had n't begun writing yet .
0	His book was named to the bestseller list .	John finished the book and submitted it to his publisher .
1	Gina was driving on the highway .	When she was trying to change lanes , her front tire popped .
1	My dog has been trying to `` help . ''	He got a thorn in his paw .
0	It seemed almost too good to be true .	Cindy saw a really cute dress on ebay that was very cheap .
1	The other one got left out for a year until it expired .	Andy got sick again , found this old medication , and took some .
0	Her former friend came by and popped it with his finger .	One day she blew one bigger then ever .
0	His dog had ruined a lot of it .	Lee 's yard was in terrible shape .
1	A PS4 was out of the question .	Victoria 's Secret seemed a little too suggestive .
0	One of the professors started laughing .	Curious , they brought it back to the university .
1	When Allie tasted the chocolate , it melted in her mouth .	Allie and her friends left the factory with full bellies .
1	The tree was blocking the door to the shed .	It made the door very difficult to open .
0	Tom was sitting near her and begged her to trade with him .	At lunch time she was horrified to see a sardine sandwich !
0	The children were complaining about not selling enough candy .	Since he was shy , only a few customers bought them .
1	Tori loved cake .	She went to a fancy bakery to get some .
0	Right now I can do about fifty .	I 've always wanted to do over a hundred push ups .
1	The party was great .	Everyone in town thanked her .
0	He ended up tumbling on the ground .	She managed to kick him on his but .
0	She gave out the presents to the kids and had the best Christmas ever .	On Christmas day she went to the children 's home .
1	She scratched his head , looked in his eyes , and picked him to be hers .	Clara finally took her puppy home and was super happy .
0	He decides to make a shake for breakfast .	Horace decides that he needs to begin eating more healthy food .
0	And his teacher 's instruction resulted in no improvements .	During practice , he was consistently beaten .
1	She was enacting her brilliant plan to ace school by the motto why try	As she left class she gave herself a pat on the back for not working .
0	He realized that he did n't always have to be so competitive	They had a good game , but Charles lost in the end
1	But as he started to get older , he realized the cut was n't as good .	But he felt like he should keep seeing his longtime barber .
1	I did it in the rain and often in the snow .	I hated getting a flat tire .
1	He packed up all of his belongings .	The movers loaded the truck with the boxes and furniture .
1	But Nora sold that house just last week .	Yes , and I bought it !
0	She could not think of any of the answers .	Nala was unprepared for her Spanish test .
0	Then she got pregnant .	She had it for Years and loved it .
1	Joe was knowledgeable and intelligent .	However , the hiring manager liked Jane 's personality .
1	Lena got 4 inch heels to wear to prom .	When her date arrived she realized there was a problem .
0	The funeral was even worse , because it was so final .	I was scared to death and did n't know what to think .
0	He decided to go to the salon .	Bob needed a haircut .
0	An old man in the back said there was an open seat by him .	There were so many people on the bus it was hard to find a seat .
1	The audience loudly applauded throughout her act .	However , the contest judges did not appreciate her skills .
0	Her mother told her she would buy her new ones .	There was a fire a Kay 's house and she lost all her toys .
0	Her parents took her to the beach .	Hallie was in Hawaii .
1	Donald grew frustrated when he lost his match .	The computer remained silent .
0	When he put the last bag in the can , the whole thing fell over .	He walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can .
0	While packing up to return home , Jeff saw he had a flat tire .	Jeff drove them all up the mountain in his pickup .
1	I decided to make this special and start a family game night weekly .	Now that I have children , we still have family game night every Friday .
0	I promised myself I would never shave my legs again .	I felt very sad that people made fun of me .
1	I threw the steak over the fence to the dog .	He ate it very slowly and it was finally quiet .
1	Killy was 9 months pregnant and almost ready to pop .	As she was walking around outside , she felt sharp pains .
1	He started out strong , but his resolve wavered as the day wore on .	But Ted managed to make it a whole day without eating .
1	Some were cute with characters she liked .	Others were clearly better-made .
0	During her first class , she met a cool kid named Maria .	She thought it was because she was dressed differently than everyone .
1	Jemma was overweight and out of shape .	She decided to take her health more seriously .
1	I have been taking cold showers before work for a year now .	I nicely asked her to hurry up in the shower .
0	Lacy decided she needed some quiet time .	When one was about to sleep , the other 's noises would keep them up .
1	The boy took it home and decided to walk with it on him .	Very shortly after he found twenty dollars on the ground !
0	The new edition was coming out the next morning .	He had every pair of Jordan 's that existed .
0	On the night of her birthday , they told her to get dressed up .	Her friends tried everything to make her happy .
0	She could only eat certain grains .	My sister had colitis .
1	Clint and Tabatha walked the aisle , preparing for what was to come .	Everything was perfect .
1	She pulled over and changed the tire .	I need to get new tires she thought .
0	She saw a booth where you could buy fish for sea lions .	Jenna was at the aquarium .
0	He was so upset that he threw his racket at the other player .	The player who missed had lost the match .
1	In spite of her efforts , one day she experienced a toothache .	The pain did n't abate , and Sadie knew she probably had a cavity .
1	One day Steve upset Lily .	Lily decided to end things with Steve .
0	They are even going to have a child soon !	Now Misty and Billy date .
1	Sally was an artist at school .	She hated painting photos .
0	Sandy 's mom felt her forehead and said she was n't sick .	She told her mom she was sick , hoping for sympathy .
1	I was depressed .	I decided to see a therapist .
0	She said it was amazing .	She got to experience swimming with dolphins .
1	She got into the University of Maine and Salem State College .	She did not get accepted into their nursing divisions , however .
1	When they arrived , it was very cold inside .	They turned on the heaters but that was n't helping much .
1	He was addicted to hot sauce .	Every day he would consume gallons of hot sauce .
0	He miscalculated and ran out of paper .	He just put it up now .
1	I was walking .	Suddenly , my shoe sole broke .
1	Beef , spices , and his new dehydrator .	But he looked at the package of meat .
0	I went online and gave the tips positive feedback .	The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence .
0	Lucy worked for hours sewing , ripping seams , and resewing .	The tote proved to be considerably more difficult .
0	Yesterday she decided to bake a cake .	Monica likes to cook .
1	We found a lot of crystals .	We brought them back and shared with our families .
0	She called Michael to see if he could meet her for lunch .	Closing her book , she got up and grabbed her bag and phone .
1	His wife changed the channel during the fourth quarter of the game .	Tim looked at his wife is disbelief .
1	When she got to the grave she weeped .	It was too much for her .
0	I was more pleased to get a multi-colored tree .	I found one with batteries but the lights are white .
1	I saw a pretty girl in the university library .	I quickly scribbled out a poem by Keats I had memorized .
0	I 'm naming them after spices .	My cat just had 5 kittens !
0	He is happy that he learned how to make rice .	Finally Horace knows how to make it for himself .
0	The equipment is designed to stop stovetop fires .	Yesterday we were told the landlord was installing fire equipment .
1	She was exhausted and sat in the only seat available to her .	Some of the other passengers thought she should not sit there .
0	She heard a strange noise and saw a bright light .	Her head was bleeding and she could not remember her name .
1	She read it all within her first week gone .	Then , she started adding to the journal .
0	Mark was amazed at the deceit practiced by this regime .	The report said they were proud to have sent a man to Saturn .
0	She had accidentally used his little brother 's shirt as a guide !	He tried it on but it was way too small .
1	He went into the automatic machine .	Before he noticed he was soaked and soapy .
0	It 's owners were very surprised .	There was a horse that crashed into a tree .
1	Below the house there was an old tree with a very old swing .	The swing creaked when Laura pushed it , and she was afraid .
1	So , he decided he was going to take a class a town over .	On his first day , Ben walked into class and was shocked .
1	Connie seemed to breeze through schoolwork with ease .	Ella did n't think she was as good as Connie .
1	I made myself some chicken soup .	The soup was delicious .
0	After that John was much nicer to Dave .	Dave stopped the dog and saved John .
0	They decided to see who would collect the most shells .	Sam went to the beach with his brother .
1	Every day Clark went fishing by himself .	One day , Clark saw a person sitting at his normal fishing spot .
0	She 'd never shot a gun , so she took her bow instead .	Anna went out hunting with her dad .
1	Molly insisted on getting them anyway .	After three days , Molly had blisters all over her feet !
0	He was n't sure what to get .	Mr Adams had to buy gifts for his son .
0	The next day , Paige lost her job .	Paige took out a loan for a new house .
0	When she asked her grandmother she told her she had no money .	Her mother told her there was no extra money in her budget for Amy .
1	They played tag and kickball for hours .	When they finally came in , they were exhausted !
1	Yesterday she went to her favorite tea store .	She sipped about six different teas .
0	He knew the health risks but he tried it anyway .	He had friends who smoked and often offered him cigarettes .
1	They talked to the firefighters .	They saw the fire truck .
0	I was embarrassed to I just picked a cream at random .	The lady at the counter asked if I needed help but I declined .
1	The bike flipped and she fell on the ground .	Her mom rushed out to check on her .
0	Jeff quickly got out of the lake .	The lake had just unfrozen .
0	Our water heater had broken and I could n't take a shower .	I turned on the water and it was icy cold !
1	Raven went to the doctors	She had to get her checkup .
0	Unfortunately , her mom was n't feeling well .	It was the morning of the trip and she was so excited .
1	Tonight they decided to have a pizza party .	The girls got the ingredients together to make the pies .
0	After that the clients started pouring in .	One day on her sister 's insistence , she got a haircut .
0	It was the worst time to catch a stomach bug .	We spent the whole time in our hotel rooms caring for the sick ones .
0	And doctors were able to stop the bleeding .	Jan drove to the hospital .
0	In the end , he had to miss the movie .	He tried looking up until the last second .
1	There was just enough room to go around and continue on , so we did .	Then we came upon another truck laying sideways in the road .
0	He pulled out and promptly fell into a ditch .	Finally , Sam was ready to leave the lot .
0	When the ABA folded , he ended up with the NBA 's Philadelphia Sixers .	His nickname was Dr J and he starred in the ABA .
0	The were jealous he had gotten a brand new desk .	Gina and her friend Tami were discussing the new boy in their class .
0	Last year it had puppies on it .	Annie always got to chose what her birthday cake would look like .
0	But the football got stuck in a tree .	Sam was playing football with Mike .
0	Jake thought that this would be an ongoing problem .	His neighbor came to the door and tried to silence the dogs .
1	She wanted to play on her school 's team .	Lis was worried they would n't accept her .
0	He decides that he should pack a lunch for his first day .	Tyler is starting school at a nearby university today .
0	They have been going to the same show for six Year 's .	Linda and Gina went to a craft show .
1	I went to college by the beach .	One night my friends and were nervous over a test .
1	She was excited as the fight started .	During the fight , she saw how the bull was abused .
0	She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items .	June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter .
1	She loved the pictures of colorful daylilies .	Cindy ordered red , pink and yellow lilies .
0	So , she admired the fireflies from her window instead .	As she grew up , though , she realized that the bugs were dying .
1	Andrew did n't have a ticket and lied about his name .	Now he 's worried about being caught for the lie .
1	Ann woke up and made her coffee .	Then she saw that she was out of cream !
1	She found a cooking tutorial online .	Shelly went to the store and bought all the needed ingredients .
1	Tom and Susan had one child .	Their child was a toddler .
1	She wanted to create the perfect app for new moms .	The next day she contacted some people and got the app started .
1	Finally he flies to Utah .	He loves the friendly people he meets there .
0	Because he read the hard book , Larry learned to appreciate books .	His mother made him read it even though it was extremely difficult .
0	He was so proud that he took a picture of the clear window .	Once he gave the final wipe the window was spotless .
0	Stephanie and Tom are now happy with their pet poodle , Ralph .	Stephanie and Tom bought the poodle .
1	His mother got a new boyfriend who did n't like Charles , the baby .	He threw Charles into the deep end of a swimming pool to die .
0	Suddenly , I felt a pop and a slap in the face .	I bent the string for a vibrato effect .
0	After she finished read one page , she tried to flip the page .	Sam was reading the book out loud in class .
1	He decided to put on a scarf over his eyes .	Everyone thought that was a part of the gag and laughed .
0	Grace also has better grades in school .	She now can see better .
1	It was still early morning but he could n't sleep .	He decided he should get up to see the sunrise .
0	Then , I discovered a pile of socks beneath the couch .	I could n't find them anywhere .
1	I bought beans , diced tomatoes , and beef .	It was a very easy recipe to make .
1	My husband drove me to the hospital .	The doctor there said I had sprained my ankle .
1	I put on my clothes and shoes .	I walked to the grocery store .
0	He checked the water heater .	It would n't heat up .
1	The recruiter accepted Jon .	Jon went through navy seals boot camp .
0	Albert 's fiancee was impressed and he felt heroic .	He was able to save the person 's life .
0	The beach was wrecked and strewn with debris .	When the day of her trip arrived , a hurricane blew through .
1	Gina was n't looking forward to the long drive to Illinois .	When her family stopped at a gas station she decided to get snacks
0	If he did n't pay soon he would be evicted .	It was the third time .
0	All of a sudden , two dogs came around the corner .	Finn was walking his dog one day .
1	The electricity around the neighborhood turned off .	Nancy searched for candles inside of her house .
1	Max awoke one night to the smell of smoke .	He opened his bedroom door to see flames across the house .
1	There , she watched experienced players play .	When she thought she had the hang of it , she stepped into the game .
1	Today My friends and I had a water balloon fight .	I was throwing a balloon at my friend from a long distance .
0	When they got a block away Ruth pulled cookies from her shirt .	Gina paid for her treats and they left the store .
0	He spent lots of time swimming and playing in the water .	He had lots of fun at the pool .
1	Todd was busy watching the news .	All of a sudden , he heard a loud crash outside .
1	Lorraine takes the long drive to Idaho where her brother lives .	They have a reasonably pleasant visit .
0	I would do sprints almost every day .	I spent the entire off season working on my speed .
1	When Lisa walked in the room , she was shocked .	She could n't believe they did that .
1	Jay loved apple pie , especially homemade from his grandma .	But his grandma could n't afford apples often , so he rarely got pie .
1	The guest star portrayed a woman prisoner .	I was watching a movie later and recognized the same star .
0	Tyrese got very distracted during the year .	The membership allows him to work out for a year .
0	She came out and split a jelly doughnut with her dog .	Today Carrie tied the dog outside and went into the bakery .
0	Paul went back inside to get a rain coat .	Once he left the house it began to rain .
0	Her team loved her as captain .	She was so good at it she became team captain .
0	They especially love to splash which tends to make a mess .	They love to pretend to swim and use bath crayons .
0	She had a cheeseburger for dinner for the first time in her life .	Beth just moved out on her own and wanted to try something new .
1	Ethan was entered in a bike race .	He had bought a brand new bike for the race .
0	Tom ultimately became an adept web developer .	He learned a lot online from free tutorials .
0	We had a lot of fun , and learned a lot of good habits .	By holding it like that we would be in the right form .
1	He pulled the injured woman from the car , worried about a lawsuit .	Everyone afterward praised the selfish man .
0	Mine did n't turn out so great .	We each picked different scenes .
1	However her power went out .	All the guests then had to leave .
0	He made an online purchase of the skis .	He found many good deals .
0	He rushed to get ready for school and not be late to first period .	Kyle woke up late for school one day .
1	Tyrone hated to do the dishes .	So did everyone in their family .
1	The went to the monkey enclosure at the zoo .	His son mocked , and ran along side the enclosure with the monkeys .
0	Sam was shocked when he saw they were robots too !	Walking further into the house , Sam saw his hosts on the back patio .
1	The young child lived playing dolls .	The Barbie doll was her favorite .
0	He started looking for the sandwich thief .	When he opened the refrigerator he saw his sandwich was gone .
0	Finally they decided to build a bird house .	The boys had been watching birds all month .
1	Richard puts up a good fight .	Roxy utilizes her skills to her full potential .
0	He hired a clown at his son 's suggestion .	Jake was hesitant .
1	It came out looking perfectly .	She shared pictures of her pie online .
1	This year he decided to build a robot as his science fair project .	He worked very hard day and night to perfect his creation .
0	Tony practiced very hard while his arm healed .	They said his season was over .
1	He was not sure about this .	He was used to being the only child .
1	When they sat on the bench he took her face .	He kissed her .
0	The car that was honking sped past and continued honking .	He quickly pulled into a side street to avoid being hit .
0	Both teams were very good , they both had perfect records .	Today was the day of the big rivalry .
0	Dan climbed the fence and got the ball .	It flew over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .
1	He watched the firemen try to save the rest of his house .	Jed regretted he had n't just had a bowl of cereal .
0	The kids all laughed at her .	Gina 's music teacher showed them how to dance the Charleston .
1	A man in a wheelchair rolled in and began harassing customers .	What we did n't know was that he was suffering a major brain aneurysm .
0	But she could n't afford them .	Sue really wanted a new boots .
1	Charles knew he must make a change .	He made a phone call and requested an appointment with his boss .
1	She is known for her serve .	She challenged her friend to see who had the better serve .
1	She made him a grilled cheese sandwich .	It was so yummy !
1	He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart .	He found him and praised him for his patterns .
0	Someone brought rice with celery in it .	One day her work had a potluck .
0	Samantha ended up winning America 's Next Top Model .	She was excited to hear that they accepted her for the show .
0	When he got home he made her a giant breakfast .	He went to the store and bought lots of stuff .
0	Will wrote a book about his life of reading .	One afternoon , will discovered he could write books .
1	They was so excited about getting 2 weeks vacation .	The big day came .
0	She decided to check it out .	Suddenly , she noticed a garage sale .
1	She was frenzied .	She had n't made nearly enough food !
1	Kim decided to drink coffee and eat oatmeal .	So she was glad that the weather was cold .
0	Before we left we posed for a group photo .	We went to NYC to visit our granddaughter last year .
0	After a month I had a huge six pack stomach .	I also did sit ups .
1	She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping .	She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater .
0	Jake 's grandfather had already planned ahead and bought a train set .	Jake and his grandfather were spending the day together .
1	After an hour of searching , Leila found an elephant .	Leila hugged the elephant .
1	She called a locksmith .	She locksmith charged her $ 100 to get into her car .
0	His friends were much more skilled than he was and bigger .	He rode around and then found friends to ride around with .
1	It is always so loud no matter which room she hides in .	She begged for silence .
0	Frank became famous and made millions of dollars .	They shared it with their other friends .
0	He decided it would be a good time to take a walk .	One day , a man named jed was feeling lonely .
1	I got in my nice soft bed then remembered I 'd forgotten something	So I got out of bed to walk to the bathroom .
0	She wanted to go to college .	She was nervous about what to do after graduation .
1	Her mom said that she would be working that weekend .	Instead , her mom drove a friend 's daughter to a college interview .
1	He played for three months , twice a week .	He tried his best every time he played .
1	I play violin and take a lot of orchestral auditions .	Three years ago I auditioned for Assistant Concertmaster of KCS .
0	She slowly came out and is fine now .	She hid under the bed for an hour after the vacuuming stopped .
0	Hill wallet is empty now .	He buys 10 bags in total .
1	But eventually , her grades got worse .	Terri decided to work hard and got the best math grades in her school .
0	She ca n't wait to see where her future takes her .	Fergie was accepted into dance school .
1	Sensors went off and lights flashed .	He knew that there was something bad happening .
1	I immediately went to go and buy it .	I was the first one at the store .
0	However , there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph .	I looked down and I was only going 27 mph .
0	To her dismay her sister and her cousin were good friends .	Gina was n't fond of her cousin and wanted to escape .
1	He put on jacket and headed out the door .	The wind hit his face with a mighty chil .
1	Katy had never eaten lobster before so she tried it that day .	She finished her meal and then she began to itch all over her body .
1	Amy challenged her sister to a contest .	Whoever could drink the most milk in an hour would win .
1	Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah .	Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins .
0	Eve thanked her and obliged .	Her neighbor offered her a ride .
1	She would n't take any of Dan 's calls .	Dan 's broken heart knew no solace .
0	Amy decided to sit in a corner and take of her shoes for awhile .	While at the party she realized while pretty , her shoes hurt her feet .
0	Everyone was mad that they backed out .	They decided not to go .
0	Roy became violently ill before a cross-country flight .	Roy was a pilot for a major airline .
1	She only had her for a few months .	One day , she forgot to close a window .
0	She smiled and told me I reminded her of her father years ago .	I leaned forward and she put her hands on my cheeks .
1	He decided to go to the ice-cream shop .	He put on his shoes and started walking .
0	He could not wait for lunch time .	Bill was starving at work .
0	Charles took his advice and laughed at himself .	A mentor told him to laugh at himself and keep on going .
0	We played on the jungle gym and put off our work .	After eating , I wanted to exercise instead of logging our specimen .
0	Tim was able to grasp the concepts and receive a passing grade .	His father instructed him to go to a website with various tutorials .
0	Gina 's brother Jay had moved out of state .	The whole family was in a somber mood .
0	This year they visited many homes on Halloween .	Craig always loved taking his kids trick or treating for Halloween .
0	His mother had sent him a brand new RC car .	He was excited to open them up after work .
0	Jimmy was happy and secure with his new job .	Jimmy got the job !
0	On those nights , he tosses and turns and ca n't sleep .	Sometimes , Ted misses a step in his nightly ritual .
1	It was Sheila 's wedding day and she was excited .	Her sister who was a bridesmaid was n't showing up .
0	His team won and they all cheered for Billy !	On the next pitch , Billy connected and hit a homerun !
0	He felt his job was in the painting and not the spelling .	The message he was told to paint was spelt wrong but he did n't care .
0	That was a bit surprising since she has always said she wants a boy .	My niece told me that she hopes the baby is a girl .
1	She sprayed them down with some sort of laundry booster .	Then put them in the wash .
0	His family wanted him to go to college .	Brian always wanted to serve his country .
1	It had twelve photos , one for each month of her first year .	We took down the old poster and put up a new one .
1	The vcr did not record properly and we returned it .	We ended up getting a dvr in 2015 .
1	He put out a bunch of food and played some music .	Soon his guests started to show up .
1	We walked around the unique shaped building .	Each level of it had unique artifacts and exhibits .
1	Amy wanted to give up chocolate for Lent .	She kept herself from eating for a week .
0	When he got home he cut all of his nails very neatly .	Jorge went to the local store to buy a nail clipper .
0	She walked home from school in the rain with no umbrella .	Kim was soaked when she arrived home .
0	As a result , the teams were forced to play again .	Erin 's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game .
0	Even though she had been warned , Becky continued to chew .	Becky 's volleyball coach told her to stop chewing while playing .
1	Dave was in the Bahamas on vacation .	He decided to go snorkeling on his second day .
1	His friend Carter decided to teach him how to fight .	Chester trained with Carter for several weeks .
1	It turned out her and I were going to the same destination .	We became great friends that day .
1	When he got home from school , his mom introduced the two of them .	But Annie declared she did n't want to play , she wanted to read comics .
1	Holmberg was running out of money !	Holmberg was forced to shut down his radio show and get a job .
1	One day she decided to paint animals on large , smooth rocks .	Her creation turned out so well she painted more .
0	She pulled her dress down and pooped into the beverage cooler .	But she knew she would n't make it to the toilet .
0	Sam and his friends decide to participate .	There is a big bike race across Iowa .
0	However one night , a small gathering turned into a house full of 100 !	After that warning , we tried to not have any more parties .
0	But it would be worth his time and effort .	Oliver felt like he 'd spent hours unwrapping caramels .
1	Sam was scared and drove slowly .	Eventually he made it through and got to his destination .
1	The coach got the team to the championship .	Lebron and his coach lost the championship game .
1	rainy leaked through the roof .	Ben helped Jim repair the roof .
0	He went online and asked a friend to call it .	He could n't find it anywhere .
1	Cindy smiled and helped Scooter dig it out .	Scooter seemed very happy to have his bone back .
1	Becoming frantic , Mother noticed her children were giggling .	She realized her glasses were on top of her head !
0	Afterwards , Cindy felt in her legs and neck .	And she reluctantly rode it .
0	When she was ready to leave the hospital , she packed her bag .	A woman had a baby .
0	One day a cow ran over Lindsey .	They were the only lesbian cowgirls in Kansas .
1	A few days later Luna 's stomach was bloated and she was lethargic .	Mary rushed Luna to the vet where they told her Luna needed surgery .
1	They were now hungry .	They made a pizza , popcorn , and grabbed other snacks .
0	Thunder , lightning , and rain forced everyone into their cars .	As the wedding started , a storm came out of nowhere .
0	She apologized and promised to keep things cleaner .	He was fed up , and started to yell at her .
0	After 3 months she decided to make the best of a bad situation .	She would sulk and pout the whole day .
1	She checked out the produce section .	Phuong then selected some spices .
0	Karen 's teacher turned out to be very nice .	When she went to school , she was very scared .
0	He chased the cat into the busy street !	Allan 's dog started chasing a neighbor 's cat .
0	First she had to make the crust and cut it into circles .	Sarah was baking hand pies .
0	Harry retired soon after to a private island .	The bank found no evidence to prove it , and let the matter drop .
0	The Barbie doll was her favorite .	The young child lived playing dolls .
1	One day Sally made a romantic advance on Dave .	Dave politely turned her down .
1	She brought her to a dermatologist .	He gave her some great medicine .
0	Shayna will never be afraid of seeking out an audience again .	The audience goes wild !
0	She was out shopping for a dress .	Penelope was getting married .
0	We were eating a turkey meal .	We were sitting around the holidays at dinner .
0	Last week 's gizzard special had been a terrible failure .	Wanda 's Bust Your Ribs BBQ joint was near bankruptcy .
1	Greg was addicted to online games .	It 's all he would ever talk about to his real friends .
1	The robots on the other side where bigger and stronger .	Cyborg 's side was out numbered by twenty extra robots .
0	She hoped to get another chance someday and she 'd practice for sure .	Unfortunately , she forgot some of the words and the crowd jeered .
0	He ate five pies in 20 minutes .	He decided to enter a contest .
0	He fell off the ladder into a pile of snow .	The hammer fell and tom stumbled .
1	His teammates knew his birthday was coming up and planned a gift .	Harry was happy when they gave him a jersey from his favorite team .
0	They looked at many houses but could n't agree on one .	They researched and found just the right neighborhood .
0	He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself .	Riley had always heard that Argentina had delicious food and wine .
0	Her grandma snatched the knife afraid Lucy would cut herself .	Lucy picked up a butter knife to cut the cake .
0	Anne waited all day , but Lisa never arrived at the bake sale .	Lisa promised to buy plenty of cookies from Anne .
0	This time they messed up and undercooked the meat .	They grill up lots of meat .
0	Bob always got tricked and planned to get revenge .	Bob 's brother , Jim , was always playing pranks on Bob .
0	He was used to being the only child .	He was not sure about this .
1	Billy is a big Patriots fan and was very excited for Super Bowl 49 .	His team was playing the Seattle Seahawks .
1	He got all the ingredients together and preheated the oven .	When he put the cake into the oven , it only took about 30 minutes .
1	But to her horror , she found that her internet was down !	None of her friends could download anything either .
0	Suddenly , her toe caught on the car mat .	Michelle was climbing out of the car .
0	When it was time to share she was so nervous .	She worked really hard on it all year .
1	Maria played in the sand and swam a lot in the ocean .	Maria took a lot of pictures and showed them to her friends at home .
0	He was amazed at how delicious the green tea tasted .	Finally Aaron ordered a cup of green tea at a restaurant .
0	Ben was nervous , but he agreed .	She dared him to go inside it .
1	Brenda was in love with her boyfriend Maxwell .	He was a successful artist with a promising future .
0	I waved at my friend but he did not notice me .	On the other side of the street was my friend , also waiting .
0	The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television .	Justin broke his Mom 's window with a rock .
1	We took her to a wig shop .	Harlan bought a wig that looked like her old hair .
1	She immediately got hit and smacked me with her purse .	I remained on my knees trying to hold the pain on my stomach .
1	During the movie , and then at dinner , they chatted nonstop .	At the end of the night , Jessie asked him for a second date !
1	Andrew 's family had just moved to town .	On his first day of school he was scared that no one would like him .
1	Mike took out his cookbook .	He tried to make some chicken stock .
0	Gina did n't want to move again .	She stopped in her tracks .
1	She told me that she can sing well .	After I started the beat , she began to sing .
1	He then realized there was no milk .	This was gon na be a bad day .
1	He went to Ikea .	They had both pine and oak desks .
1	She began eating the food .	Suddenly , she noticed a fly in the bowl .
0	He made a phone call and requested an appointment with his boss .	Charles knew he must make a change .
1	Harry always encouraged me to write .	I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry .
1	The big doors of the firehouse swung open .	The fire trucks raced towards the fire .
0	She worked hard to get her game back .	She got sick and could not play for three weeks .
1	Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water .	I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly .
0	We took her home that day .	I thought she had a great demeanor .
0	Her boyfriend was accepted into the family with open arms .	Ivy invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner .
0	I 'm not sure who she thought she had called .	She asked me to pick her up and take her to the doctor 's office .
1	One by one , he hung all of them on the tree .	He finished the tree by placing the star on the top .
0	Peter turned around and went home .	Peter jumped back in fright .
1	I talked to the banker and they told me the interest rates .	I decided that the rates were too high .
1	Anita wanted to make her son 's father upset .	She asked him to come and pick up their baby .
1	On night while eating the breading fell off her son 's tofu .	He showed his dad who looked upset .
0	He picked out a new bike .	He decided he would .
1	Andrew knew he should n't enroll his Pit-bull in a dog show .	His Pit-bull was always bigger and tougher than dogs in dog shows .
0	The manager interviewed him and it went well .	He was inside of a smoothie shop inquiring about a position .
0	One of the Scouts was an Eagle Scout .	They were having problems starting the fire .
0	Annie looked up the activities mentioned to her by the co workers .	Annie asked her coworkers for advice on what to do on the cruise .
0	Ryder was so glad he practiced .	The team won the first game because of Ryder 's home run .
0	She snapped her ankle between two boulders .	Then she slipped and fell .
1	On his birthday his mother bought his store brand shoes .	He sadly considered them fake shoes .
0	Steph ended up having twins .	She became pregnant .
1	Donald wanted to run for president .	He promised that he would be the best president there ever was .
1	He tried looking up until the last second .	In the end , he had to miss the movie .
0	He had nothing else to do for christmas .	Jay went to his friends house for christmas .
0	Eric keeps betting hoping to get his money back .	He wins 3 more times , and then enters a losing streak .
1	She hid it in her backpack .	She then showed all of her friends .
0	But , I decided to eat it .	I hate spicy food !
0	Ari was dejected and disappointed .	But they told him they only carried pork !
0	Afterwards , Mary used public transportation to go to the hospital .	She then worked out at the gym for an hour .
0	I had trouble learning to ride it .	I got a bike for my sixth birthday .
0	She finally found the perfect dress .	Her mom decided to take her shopping .
0	The chess was good but the talks were better , such is friendship .	Two old men played chess on Fridays .
0	To his surprise the man outplays him in every way .	His appearance deceiving to Mark as he was sure he would win .
1	Then everyone went for a swim before eating .	But when they returned , all of their food was gone .
1	When it was time to check out I got in line .	The register broke when it was my turn in line .
0	She found a brown dog with white ears that she loved .	She was feeling lonely so she went to the shelter to adopt a puppy .
0	When Kenya got home , she began crying .	They talked for a few minutes and walked away .
1	Unfortunately , she did n't have all of the ingredients she needed .	So instead she decided to just order pizza .
1	Miles decides to get a replacement light bulb from the local store .	He replaces the bulb in his room .
1	Terry enjoyed attending games of his favorite teams .	He would always go to his local stadium and watch them .
1	Ed was throwing rocks at a nearby lake .	His little brother was beside him .
0	He decided to go for a bike ride and enjoy the weather .	Josh woke up to a sunny Saturday morning .
0	The vet gave Tim 's dog a shot .	Tim took his dog to the vet .
1	The man showed them his cages filled with exotic singing birds .	When they told their parents , they were forbidden to visit the man .
0	Then she sent him on his way , looking much better !	She made him remove his shirt so she could iron it .
1	Becky made some fresh coffee .	She got it from a local organic grocer .
1	He decided to take them to the pawn store to see what they were worth .	When he arrived he put the magazines on the counter .
0	He went to Office Depot .	He needed a new one .
0	They chatted about their jobs and homes .	He usually sits alone , but today a nice lady sat next to him .
0	He decided to make a video .	Austin got a new camcorder for his birthday .
0	He met with an athletic trainer that watched him run .	While training , he noticed more pain in his feet and back .
0	Josh became a world leader of peace .	Eventually , people listened to him and he gathered a following .
1	You then pull up a little further to the rectory and wait for food .	They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave .
0	It got them in a lot of trouble .	Her friends did too .
0	I was offered a ride on the stunning creature and accepted .	It was incredibly beautiful but also huge and intimidating .
1	She was exasperated .	Her lawyer said she must produce a document as executor of the estate .
0	Suddenly she looked up , screamed and pounded on the glass .	Left in the seats was one woman wearing earbuds using her computer .
0	He needed to take an exam next period so he taped up his glasses .	His glasses fell down and broke in half .
0	I needed to make a quick deposit and noticed they had candy out .	I went to the bank yesterday .
1	She did n't want them to know , so she kept smiling and cheering .	Inside she was screaming .
0	She decided to add some hot sauce .	Nora 's rice was a little bland .
0	The cat loves to chase toys around the house .	Bernadette has a very playful cat .
0	Her children hated the new bedtime .	She decided to send them to bed early .
0	I met a siamese cat that I liked .	I went to the shelter to see the available cats .
1	Now it was open once again .	She looked through all the lovely clothes from eras past .
0	Mary rushed Luna to the vet where they told her Luna needed surgery .	A few days later Luna 's stomach was bloated and she was lethargic .
0	His grandchildren always wanted to look at them when they visited .	He was now almost 70 and had a huge collection .
0	She very carefully boiled water , and cooked spaghetti noodles .	She decided to make dinner herself , for the first time .
0	Then they used buckets to fill the moat with water .	They dug a channel for a moat around their building .
1	She was getting on the highway to go home .	But the traffic below made her think twice .
0	A few seconds later , the ladder slipped from the ground .	After climbing several steps , I held him .
0	He decided to paint the landscape .	A bored artist looked out the window at the landscape .
1	Ben was working out yesterday .	He dropped a forty-five pound plate on his foot .
1	He decided to take care of his health .	He enrolled in yoga class .
0	She strapped the skates on .	She was eager to learn how to skate .
0	He took the cookies and ate them in his sister 's bedroom .	One day , Dusty stole a box of cookies from the kitchen .
0	The next day her friend called to ask why she had stood her date up .	After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again .
1	She wanted to make sure she would get a great grade on it .	When she got to the room she took the test .
1	The trip was a disaster , as the bus broke down .	She got in late , but was able to see the performance .
1	He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more .	One morning he decided to stop and get coffee .
0	Amanda was shocked when she unwrapped the gift and saw what they were .	He went and bought the tickets for her Christmas gift .
0	When he said the answer out loud , the official declared it wrong .	Jason pressed the buzzer since he knew the answer .
0	When she got them home , she decided to put them on .	Although they were expensive , she bought them .
0	Suddenly , it stopped on his sister and pooped .	It began flying through his house , scaring everyone .
0	Then put them in the wash .	She sprayed them down with some sort of laundry booster .
0	He went down to the marina .	Ed wanted to go for a boat ride .
1	I gave myself a burn .	Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid .
0	She was all over the road !	Jenny did n't realize what a terrible driver she was .
1	At first Alex was hesitant about moving next store to his parents .	Although he soon realized how expensive everyday things are .
0	He got lost in the woods and did n't know it .	Harry had been out walking for miles .
0	When the ride started I was screaming .	I was frightened but also nervous to go on it .
0	Tom yanked up the old shag rug , piece by piece .	He had to update everything inside , especially the rug .
1	He had saved up for months for this event .	He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed .
1	Greg decided to join marching band .	He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions .
1	Cameron wanted some money for the movies .	He asked his mom but she said he 'd have to work first .
0	He dribbled the ball toward the goal and made a shot !	A teammate passed Jimmy the ball .
0	Suddenly , she heard loud barking and two dogs came out of the woods .	Brenda was walking along a pond on her large property .
1	It was a quiet town so he was having trouble staying awake .	All of a sudden , he felt a tapping on his shoulder .
0	When they arrived home from work , the dinner was ready .	She decided to make dinner for her parents .
1	My head ended up bleeding .	She ran for a towel and started to put pressure on the spot .
1	A long time ago a doctor named Alan was drafted by the army .	Alan was so good they put him in charge of healing the soldier 's .
0	Bill reluctantly stopped playing the games .	Bill 's wife begged him to stop playing the video games .
1	So , the city turned off my heating and electricity .	Alas , it was winter .
0	The two were married a few years later .	He then became good friends with Pam .
0	Lillah performed the songs she learned for her family .	She watched the videos .
0	They told him that philosophy did not have good job opportunities .	Daniel 's parents were skeptical about his choice .
1	They watched the security tapes .	Sean saw that his bike had been stolen by a masked man .
0	Matt was right behind him .	Luke came running down the stairs as fast as he could .
0	Katie 's parents found out .	She spilled them everywhere .
0	The toy was damaged and its words were no longer intelligible .	One of them got too rough with it and dropped it .
1	Then I took a job where I started at two in the morning .	I started drinking coffee to get through my shift .
0	Claire climbed in her car and headed to the store to buy flour .	Claire realized she was out of flour .
1	She called the hairsalon to make an appointment for the next day .	Petra was happy that the hairstylist could fix her hair .
1	I suddenly felt very hungry .	I got up to find a snack .
1	He went to the local store to buy one ticket .	The family sat down to watch TV .
1	However his girlfriend was vegan .	He could never decide on where to eat .
0	He went to a casino .	Tim was on vacation .
0	She did n't know what to do .	She ended up pregnant .
1	I started seeing someone a while ago .	We had a lot of fun , and did everything together .
0	She lost her job for some undisclosed reason .	Raven was a nurse .
1	In a few months he had earned enough for a used car .	Adam was so proud to drive his `` new '' car to school every day !
0	We called maintenance .	They slipped through the elevator into the shaft .
1	My wife and I had to seal up the windows	The room got better after we sealed the windows .
1	With great excitement , he climbed into the chair lift .	There was a foot of fresh powder from a recent storm .
1	She rubbed her eyes , hoping to dispel sleep .	Mom switched on the radio and lullabies gently wafted in the room .
1	She went to the animal shelter with her parents .	She really wanted a cat .
0	Mark got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight !	Just then , they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed .
0	But Gina had no choice , so she was forced to wait .	3 Days felt like an eternity .
0	Joe leaned over the water to look at the fish .	Next to the outdoor dining area was a pond full of fish .
0	Jamie did not want to go to a movie .	They could not decide what to do .
0	By the time they left she was down to 3 .	She only had 8 cakes , and wanted to save them for later .
1	I put perfume on this morning .	It smelled very strong .
1	Pete said he could beat Howard at thumb war .	They decided to play a game .
1	She quickly found a new job where she was treated better .	Kim is much happier now .
1	He did n't want to be late .	He called a friend of his .
1	She would always freak out whenever someone opened it .	She asked everyone to let her know if they were going over .
0	Gina vacuumed the inside of the car , and went to the mall .	Her offered an extra $ 5 if she did .
1	He took it apart and using youtube he found the problem .	He reconnected the loose power cord and fixed it .
1	Pablo wanted to make a painting .	Pablo was no good at painting .
1	Penny could n't wait to wear the new scarf her mom knitted .	On the first cold day , she proudly wrapped the scarf around her neck .
0	He was riding his bike when he saw Brandon from class .	Joel liked being a bully .
0	Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor .	One day he found a lump on his arm that did n't go away .
1	He decided to swim without her .	He was in the pool when she noticed him .
1	Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly .	But she was n't married , and she did n't plan to ever marry .
0	Matt checked his credit history and there were no hits .	He tried to return it to the rental place but it was closed down .
1	Aria went out with her friends , dancing and drinking .	She had lots and lots of drinks during the night .
0	Jennifer also made hotel reservations .	She bought a ticket from New York to Tokyo .
0	But she was n't married , and she did n't plan to ever marry .	Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly .
0	His girlfriend hated every name he came up with .	Nick was trying to come up with a name for his dog .
1	She lets go of the chair and takes a slow step forward , then another .	She takes two more steps forward , into her mother 's arms .
0	Mary arrives at the store thanks to the bus .	Mary catches the bus before it leaves .
1	She jumped out of bed just in time to see a spider scurry away .	The bite began swelling and turning red .
1	One afternoon , will discovered he could write books .	Will wrote a book about his life of reading .
1	Brad decided to make some fresh bread .	While the yeast proofed and oven preheated , he gathered ingredient .
0	But he found that it was difficult to keep looking clean .	So Ben had a white carpet installed .
1	Freda brings her laundry to the laundromat to clean .	When it is all clean , she folds it and puts it away .
1	Marcus had never liked reading much .	He always watched TV instead , to his parents ' disappointment .
1	On Christmas morning , Bob was n't very hopeful .	But there , under the tree , was a big new fish tank !
1	Bravely , he lowered his blanket and looked towards the sound .	It was just the wind blowing the tree branches against the window !
1	He thought he was going to fail a class for the first time .	He made his first friend in the city who helped and he passed !
1	This scared me half to death .	I flipped on my bedside lamp to see my brother in a ski mask !
0	Fortunately , he was successful in paying off all of his debt in 1 year .	He also picked up a second job to help pay the bills .
0	I bought the game and played it all day .	I found a new video game online .
0	He waited for it for almost an hour .	Tyler ordered a pizza .
0	She received an order of sesame chicken .	She ended up asking the worker to surprise her .
0	He made a sandcastle and went in the water .	When it finally was hot out he made sure to go visit .
0	One day he discovered that he took a picture of a crime .	He took pictures of everything .
1	Upon coming out of the surgery , I felt great .	The medicine was still affecting my judgement quite a bit .
0	But it had not been previously frozen .	So she bought raw salmon .
0	He saw a flyer for a hot dog eating contest at the state fair .	George really like hot dogs .
0	The man bought me the chocolate bar .	I said I did n't have any money but I was hungry .
1	Dan was hungry .	He went to the kitchen to make a snack .
1	Sally and Frankie were having a bubble gum blowing contest .	Sally had just blown a huge bubble .
0	She found them putting doll clothes on her cat .	She went in about an hour later to check on them .
0	They had a fun afternoon at the rink .	He was laughing and she helped him up .
0	Then , she started adding to the journal .	She read it all within her first week gone .
0	She earned a scholarship to a prestigious performing arts school .	Her gift for music took her all the way to New York City .
1	Unfortunately , he did n't realize he was allergic to cedar .	When winter came , cedar pollen was released all over Texas .
0	When she went to the competition , she made a pie .	She wanted to show off her cooking skills .
0	Afterwards , Bob had to dry his dog with a towel .	His dog swam in the pond to retrieve the ball .
1	At the factory Greg saw that two different parts had the same number .	He brought this to the attention of a supervisor .
0	He loved his girlfriend and did n't want to risk it .	Tom never took it past talking .
1	Sara 's favorite band was playing in town .	She did n't plan on going but last minute she was invited .
0	There were so many it took him all day !	He decided it was finally time to wash his clothes .
0	Lou left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it .	He hated the peanut butter sandwiches she would make .
1	We all picked the same toppings .	It was weird but interesting .
1	Joey accidentally drove his truck off the road Christmas morning .	He could n't free his truck from the mud .
1	My father is always trying to convince me to watch old movies .	He particularly pushes the Marx Brothers ' films .
0	They ostracized her until she no longer felt wanted .	They did not want Tina to feel welcome .
0	The following day , I was walking down the same street .	I smiled at him and continued walking .
1	She placed the meat first , in order to cook it fast .	The vegetables were poured afterwards .
0	So she started trying to socialize her dog more with others .	Gina wanted to do something about this .
1	My aunt Jean made a mac & cheese as well .	He tried to then use it as a cane , since he needed one .
0	Last night she pooped on the bedroom carpet .	She poops on the floor on rare occasion .
0	She wanted to make them healthier .	Kelly decided to take her favorite junk food items and redo them .
1	She prepared fried chicken and mashed potatoes .	Her family devoured the meal .
0	Her parents were sad when Hanna missed the glorious whale sighting !	Hanna decided to play games on her phone instead .
0	He bought some popcorn .	Paul went to the movies .
0	Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class .	She asked her dad to take her to guitar class .
0	When I was little I used to sleep in the front room .	My Nana lived in a huge old house .
0	She wanted to talk about anything But Ray .	Amy called her friend Beth .
0	Bob was insulted and kicked his girlfriend out of his house .	His girlfriend called him a wimp for screaming .
0	Kelsey did not know who to pick for her maid of honor .	They started to plan their wedding .
0	Now she ties the rigging and sails on ocean voyages !	Peg thought very hard , then offered her knot-tying services .
0	I waited for a while until I caught a fish .	I through the line out into the water .
0	I checked the newspapers and another young person was killed .	I hate police because they kill young people .
0	And Billy thinks his dad 's a stick in the mud .	His old man does n't think he 's lived up to his potential .
0	The flight attendant was Charles ' mother !	May asked the flight attendant did they know each other ?
1	When the women were talking about hot topics they disagreed .	The war topic made them polarized .
1	A bus driver , seeing the twister coming , evacuated the bus .	She hurried them into a safe place and no one was harmed .
1	Lulu was on her way at the airport to Florida .	She ran through the terminals .
0	Aly felt terrible , but her family just laughed at her honest mistake .	However , she accidentally forgot to turn on the oven .
0	The coffee energized him .	Billy stopped for coffee on his way to work .
0	Sally ran to the bus stop .	She jumped out of bed and got dressed .
1	I realized that I was short on the payment where she asked me .	Since I did n't have the money , the restaurant gave me a fine .
0	After months , Mike decided that he could not find a job in his city .	A few days later , Mike did not get any calls and began to worry .
1	Justin 's classmate was having a birthday .	He went with his mom and bought a gift .
0	She ate a huge ice cream sundae !	But to celebrate , she did something strange .
1	My son and I were out hiking .	We came across an old , rusty bear trap .
0	The boy proved her wrong by wetting himself .	The mother said he could wait .
0	I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car .	I put a towel under where it was leaking to absorb the water .
1	He was a bit nervous to go up and talk to Santa .	When it was his turn , Santa smiled at him and waved .
1	When she tripped , the drawers flew open .	Gina 's jewelry spilled out all over the floor .
0	He retraced his steps and went to the last bar he went to .	He ended up losing his cell phone .
0	She worked three jobs .	She needed to get caught up .
1	He rode it everyday .	One day the horse was sick .
0	Suddenly there was a knock at the door .	Martha was in her living room .
0	The kids found them and had fun .	Joe hid the eggs .
1	This somehow comforted her .	She wiped what sand there was on her face , and left the bathroom .
1	Mimi was in such a hurry , she forgot to put on her knee pads .	While skateboarding , Mimi fell and scraped her knees !
0	She had a good time with her friends .	She met some friends there .
1	The other man looked exactly like Tom !	Tom was scared , but the other man saw him too .
0	He decided to carry it .	But he saw a small puppy by itself .
1	He realizes he ca n't move .	He starts getting terrified .
0	Luckily there was a hurricane passing nearby .	Michael did n't want school to start .
0	When he finally looked around everyone was staring at him .	He was so into it , he kept dancing when the music stopped .
1	Myron had wanted a new hairstyle for months .	One day his barber recommended he try hair gel .
1	Gina sat outside and talked to him .	The dog stared at her face eagerly .
1	I bought the bread and I bought milk as well .	It was then that I walked home with the groceries .
0	His mother rolled her eyes , since it was still the same breakfast .	He stepped out of his comfort zone and added fruit to his cereal .
0	The overture finished and the director stood still .	The director stood on the other side and looked at Mitch .
1	He smiled and did n't seem to be upset .	I am happy I got to talk to him at all !
1	His dad played guitar poorly and his mom could n't sing .	When they were roasting marshmallows a bear came to the site .
0	She hurried back to get it .	Peb had left her math book in the lunchroom .
1	She saw a woman leaving Adam 's house late at night .	She got angry and broke all his guitars .
0	When she saw the glasses she thought they were beautiful .	She bought the first ones she could see .
0	Tiffany called her boyfriend and broke up with him .	Later she got it checked and the diamond was fake .
1	I told him I saw the new movie .	He surprised me by saying he knew Hans Solo was killed .
1	I decided to spell everything incorrectly just for fun .	As a result the processor failed .
1	Many of my friends posted theirs .	I thought it was ok .
0	His dad made him cut it for family photos .	It had n't been cut in three Year 's .
0	She saw that the tent looked odd and went to fix it .	One day , she was cleaning his room .
0	Her nails came out beautifully !	When it dried , she slicked on another coat .
1	Jim felt excited and rushed to check out the selection .	He happily walked out after buying three colorful pairs of shoes .
0	Sally started to get impatient and kept bugging her mom .	She constantly asked her mom when it would be time to go .
1	Although they were expensive , she bought them .	When she got them home , she decided to put them on .
1	He saw many churches and cathedrals .	Then he had an excellent lunch of street food .
1	However , I tried to answer the questions .	The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades .
0	I was extremely nervous and decided to hide under my bed .	Eventually , a thunderstorm occurred .
0	She took the subway to work like she does everyday .	Amy recently had an interesting day .
1	Hal and his client won millions of dollars .	Hal was rewarded with a promotion .
0	The chef criticized her food .	Jamie was immediately shocked .
0	She picked out the perfect thread .	She purchased the fabric .
1	He stayed up all night finishing the paper .	By morning , it was 100 % complete !
0	She was about to give up .	She searched everywhere for her , but could n't find her .
1	Our belongings and food were blown away completely .	Therefore , everyone had to pack up and leave the place .
0	Ella took the threat very seriously .	Her mom told Ella she had to neaten up or she 'd be grounded .
0	Bob bought different tiles and hoped that no one would notice .	Bob went to the hardware store for more tile but they had none .
0	The were both happy with the trade .	Frannie agreed and they swapped .
0	She started living the wrong lifestyle .	She was my best friend .
1	Chuck wanted to try a new , fancy French restaurant .	His wife Dana hated trying new things and refused to go .
1	Jim was very thin .	So thin people wondered if he was anorexic .
0	She got a perfect score at her competition !	She did n't fall a single time on Thursday .
1	Orange was a playful kitten .	When Judy was at work Orange scratched up the couch .
1	It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned .	Tom never went fishing with his friends again .
0	The ducks ate the bread .	Lindsay went over to feed the ducks some bread .
0	I followed the program for three months .	He gave me an exercise program .
1	Everyone wondered why she never showed her pregnancy .	She told her class that she went to China and adopted a kid there .
0	Casey was able to earn his black belt right before summer break .	He even took extra classes when he could .
0	He went over and snowblowed for him .	He noticed his old neighbor was shoveling .
0	My Dad started to curse and my friend was laughing .	My Dad was covered in puke .
1	Slowly the sun set .	It grew darker outside and harder to see .
1	There was a hole in his kayak !	Bob swam out of the river .
1	A scientist walked up to a podium in a crowded room .	He took out his speech from a folder and tapped the mic .
1	The teacher said to put everything away .	She wanted to give a pop quiz .
0	She does not understand why Americans like snow cones .	Debra is from the United Kingdom .
1	Still , the number on her scale had n't budged .	Joan got off the scale , and saw the number stayed the same .
0	Instead it made me pass gas .	I tried to muffle it a bit since we were at dinner .
1	Sam was doing his physic homework .	He noticed that the assignment in his textbook was missing .
1	I have a new favorite tea .	The tea tastes great and I drink it every morning .
0	He needed a new pair badly .	They were black with white laces .
0	Her dad forgot to check the weather forecast .	Julie 's family went camping .
1	They try selling him very expensive tires .	The tires are out of his price range .
1	Susan had a lot of bills to pay .	She decided to stay up all night working online .
1	Tyler is starting school at a nearby university today .	He decides that he should pack a lunch for his first day .
1	I won the first game and the next two .	After that , I lost interest .
0	She got out her spreadsheet to make sense of the finances .	In total , there were four new bills that arrived that day .
1	The clubs and coffee shops were like another world .	It was the most peaceful place I 've ever visited .
1	Roger and I were bored .	We decided to watch a movie .
0	At the store I bought extra flour , eggs and butter .	I planned to bake a cake for dessert .
1	He walked to the pantry to get some cereal .	He heard a big thump .
1	One day , her cat went out to play and never returned .	Han was scared because tomorrow was moving day .
0	She hoped her roommate would get the hint and keep it clean .	Amy took initiative and cleaned the whole room .
1	She sat in a tall chair with a worker on either side .	On the count of three they pierced her ears at the same time .
1	We found some well priced items and bought three bottles .	In the shower later I found out they were lotion .
0	She mixed them all up .	She bought ingredients .
0	The store is closing , so we bought a lot of food for not a lot of cash .	My friends and I went to the A & P grocery store during a big sale .
0	Lucy realized they only had 2 people , but they needed 3 .	They each grabbed one end of the rope .
1	Lulu was very overwhelmed this last week .	Her housekeeper Rosie had been on vacation .
0	Finally he was a terrific poker player .	He practiced very hard for a few weeks .
1	Gina cherished the time there were able to spend together .	Which is why she was so hurt her sister wasted time with their cousin .
1	Even though the rain beat on the roof , I was able to fall back asleep .	When I awoke in the morning , the rain had gone and it was very quiet .
0	They placed cookies and milk on the table for him to eat .	They wrote heartfelt letters telling Santa what they wanted .
0	Jim sent it back to Apple because it had a defective battery .	To his surprise , the iphone did not turn on .
0	He had an important appointment to keep and he needed help .	He moved rapidly along the walkway and into the building .
0	Petra was happy that the hairstylist could fix her hair .	She called the hairsalon to make an appointment for the next day .
0	When he finished he entered his first car show .	Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up .
1	One of them slipped and fell .	The other two laughed rudely .
1	Her mother told her there was no extra money in her budget for Amy .	When she asked her grandmother she told her she had no money .
0	Yet when Kelly was painting them , she spilled .	She used a bright pink color .
0	He brought a bag of carrots to eat .	Greg was at work and was eating lunch in the breakroom .
1	Michelle and her friends set up a blanket outside to look at stars .	They stared at the stars for a couple hours .
0	She realized her glasses were on top of her head !	Becoming frantic , Mother noticed her children were giggling .
0	I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school .	When it arrives , I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat .
1	Gina was in the 9th grade .	She had a class with a cool boy named Duane .
1	He had already swallowed 100 hot dogs when a gull landed on his head .	Frightened Joe ran .
0	She had a batch in the oven .	Sue was baking sugar cookies .
0	Charles interviewed with Honda in an empty call center .	They prepared Charles for his interview with Honda .
1	They then left the party .	Gerald was upset .
0	All day she found herself humming the tune .	Madison had a song stuck in her head .
0	I looked at my bank account and I had enough money .	I saw a commercial for a playstation 4 and wanted one badly .
1	Amy was starting Junior High .	She got up extra early to get dressed .
1	She promised that she will pay my back .	After several days , I asked if she has the money .
0	Hattie moved into the new place but was very upset about it .	Her family wanted to move her into a retirement home .
0	One day Charlie 's parents told him that they had very exciting news .	He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day .
0	He was hesitant to ask her .	Gerald loved Ali and wanted to marry her .
1	After Christmas Susan decided to take down the Christmas tree .	Her children cried about having to put their favorite ornaments away .
1	He took everything out of the bag .	Then , he washed the bag in the sink .
1	Bill went to class every day .	Bill had weird designs on his socks .
1	It drove the boy who sat next to her crazy .	He had an idea to give her some worry beads to play with .
0	She asked him to look underneath it and check for monsters .	Steve began tucking his daughter into bed .
0	She loved the way they looked .	Becky bought new shoes .
1	Lester enjoyed watching movies at the theater .	He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases .
0	It was raining hard .	Rita wanted to go to the park .
1	My mom packed quail eggs for my lunch one day .	We are Chinese .
0	He decided to paint his roof with a special white paint .	And Bob 's house was very hot inside .
0	Her mother packed her lunch box and got her clothes ready .	Marta had her first day of school starting today .
0	His first choice is Harvard .	Marty must choose between two schools .
1	I found one on ebay .	The artist was Margery Soroka .
0	So he decided to bring a folding chair to school everyday .	He especially hated the chairs he had to sit in at school .
1	There was a little girl .	Her mom took her to gymnastics class .
1	The girls packed up and went to the Spice Girls concert .	They all dressed up like their favorite girl .
0	The second time around , she did n't mess up .	She had to go through all of the papers and start over .
1	Any visitor he had would ask about the clock .	Sometimes , it kept Tom up at night .
1	The students were very nervous , but did their best .	The play got a good review in the student paper .
1	It was there that he learned the secrets of a perfect pizza .	He moved to America as a young man .
1	Tia found a newt by the creek .	It was missing a leg !
1	Josh stuck to that plan and was too awkward to make a move .	Phyllis went home and never returned his calls .
1	Ed challenged his friends to a softball game .	They arrived at the field .
1	Still , she was extremely worried she would n't get accepted anywhere .	Her father encouraged her to apply to one more school just in case .
1	Sue went to visit her grandma in a nursing home .	The old woman no longer recognized Sue .
0	She got ten minutes into the film , before she had to shut it off .	While at a friend 's one day , Helen decided to watch one before bed .
0	We walked across the street to the playground .	Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014 .
1	Employees began following her around offering to help her .	Eventually there were six people following her everywhere she went .
1	He went to acting school .	He graduated but could n't find a job .
0	But one of his friends recommended it .	Will was reluctant to order groceries online .
1	He showed him how to do it properly .	Mick followed the instructions , and looked proudly at his work .
1	She was turning 2 Years old !	Her mother baked Ana a chocolate birthday cake .
0	The instructions were too complicated for a 7 year old .	Tim bought a kit for a kite from the craft store .
1	When Jen is 10 years old she wants to wear makeup .	But her mother tells her that she is too young .
1	He hated the job .	The pay was terrible and the hours were long .
1	Tom thought he was an amazing chess player .	He always beat everyone he played .
0	My wife tends to be messy .	I am painting a house with my wife .
1	Millie had to buy a new pair of pants .	All of her other pants were worn and out of style .
1	She placed a nectar feeder outside on her back patio .	She waited for days to see a hummingbird .
1	There were so many people on the bus it was hard to find a seat .	An old man in the back said there was an open seat by him .
0	She was never so glad to return home from a vacation .	Unfortunately , Patty was horribly seasick the entire time .
0	They decided that they would sneak out of the house after midnight .	Peter 's parents told them to be asleep by midnight .
0	Jeb showed them the video .	His friends did not believe him .
0	Ramona took her upstairs to see her facialist .	Kelly invited Ramon to her apartment to hang out .
0	Emma struggled to diet even without the scale 's feedback .	Her parents did not own a scale .
1	She was fighting with her coworkers .	She knew that she had to figure something out .
0	Instead of starting a fire he put on more layers of clothes .	Dan looked at the time and saw how late it was .
0	Cassandra chased after Yolanda across an open field of grass .	Yolanda quickly ran away from Cassandra .
1	Alice has always wanted to be a mother .	She meets a man and they fall in love .
1	I spent hours giving them directions such as where to work .	However , one of the workers started to become drowsy .
0	Everyone there took turns stabbing him and threw away his body .	They one day tricked him to come to a party .
0	So he runs downstairs to find his mother .	Colin overheard his father on the phone .
1	However he only liked when his mother made them .	He spit out all other cookies .
1	I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys .	I had locked myself out .
1	His coach let him on the team , but reluctantly .	But Nguyen decided to practice at home with friends .
1	David had soccer practice in the morning .	But he quickly noticed the weather getting hotter .
0	His wife Dana hated trying new things and refused to go .	Chuck wanted to try a new , fancy French restaurant .
0	They were everywhere she looked .	As she rode her bike she was running over worms .
1	She had to go through all of the papers and start over .	The second time around , she did n't mess up .
1	Jane decided to cook healthier for her family .	They were no longer allowed to eat junk food .
1	A strange man comes into a bar for a drink .	The bartender tries to cut him off when he 's had too much .
0	Alice had to visit a police station to find her family .	But hours later , Alice 's family could n't find her .
1	Wanda 's Bust Your Ribs BBQ joint was near bankruptcy .	Last week 's gizzard special had been a terrible failure .
1	When he bored of drawing on the paper , he started drawing elsewhere .	He drew on the crib as well as himself .
0	The student saw their grade average increase .	The student would work the same question type for 4 hours straight .
1	His new neighbors gathered at the fence and started laughing .	Alex began to cry , which made them laugh even harder .
0	Before we started , she wanted to get a drink from the vending machine .	My friend and I decided to go to school to review for a test .
1	She picked Germany to study first .	She signed up for a class to learn German .
1	He was thrilled !	He won two tickets to a weeklong cruise !
0	After weeks of practice Carlton was a great dancer .	Finally he asked his friend Jean to teach him some dance moves .
1	He goes to the dealership and picks out a car he likes .	The dealer says that Sam must first pass a credit check .
1	Tim and John played video games together .	They later at lunch then played outside .
1	Eventually she made her high school team .	She still used the mitt her father got her .
1	She did n't have enough money to pay for it , though .	She offered the seller a lesser amount , and he accepted it !
0	He went to the doctor .	He began feeling pain in his wrists .
1	They offered free samples .	When she was done , Allie bought a lot of chocolate .
1	She bought the first ones she could see .	When she saw the glasses she thought they were beautiful .
1	He got it in the mail 2 days later .	He waited for a windy day to fly his kite .
1	She was hungry .	The lady doing the enrollments announced a lunch break .
1	He asked his mom to come and watch them .	Then Pip led the best parade ever !
1	One time , in his first day of school , he was very nervous .	Michael was worried nobody would like him .
0	On facebook Mark posted a photo of his $ 2,000 check for the one song .	A magazine teased Mark on facebook for performing one song on tour .
0	However , when she saw her new short hair , she loved it !	The whole time she was in the barber 's chair , she was nervous .
0	She could n't believe she was getting it .	She got everything ready for it .
0	He saved his money for ten weeks .	He decided to save his money until he had $ 100 .
1	I cleaned it up .	Instead of trying again , I ordered pizza instead .
1	His parents were on vacation .	He thought he knew where he was going .
1	I invited my girlfriend to dinner .	I used the money I got from the machine .
0	She asked him to go out on date with her .	The next day , Tanya took Dan to an empty building in school .
0	It warned him not to do it again .	Within days he got an email about it .
0	His parents thought a puppy might cheer him up .	Simon was sad because he did n't have any friends .
1	The neighbor allowed him to park in his driveway .	Will appreciated the parking space and thanked the neighbor .
0	One day , Mike had a guest in his house .	And it was because was because Mike was always angry .
1	When the cake was done it looked delicious .	She forget to add oil and it tasted awful .
0	Now that I have children , we still have family game night every Friday .	I decided to make this special and start a family game night weekly .
0	Dave cleaned off his knife and worked on the medium onions .	He took the bigger ones and chopped them first .
1	I looked into it and found that it could be very interesting .	I started out by turking 10 days in a row and making about 30 cents .
1	Eventually he accumulated a lot of debt because of it .	He took his own life to escape it .
0	The snow got so bad that roads were blocked .	One winter day , the roads were covered in ice .
1	They decided they would skip school to go to the arcade .	As Joe was putting a quarter into a machine he looked up .
0	One day it was raining out and Sam tried to stop .	He kept procrastinating on getting them .
0	We went to the theatre and bought our tickets then walked inside .	My friend and I wanted to see a new movie in the theatres .
1	After getting off of work , he decided to go to the Jewelry store .	He ended up purchasing a diamond necklace .
0	He kindly asked if I can get a cookie for him .	While I was in the lunch line , someone called me .
1	Eli was a fan of the Walking Dead and all his friends knew it .	One day they decided to prank him by dressing up as zombies .
1	Randy got a new bicycle and helmet for his birthday .	His mom told him he had to wear the helmet if he rode .
0	Bob definitely became more proficient in math .	Bob eventually bought a special computer program to teach him math .
0	When she looked she saw that the chains were rusty .	She climbed on and moved but something felt off .
1	However , one of the peaches makes him feel a little ill .	Fred goes home with an upset stomach .
1	During buck season , he found the perfect spot .	He caught three large bucks in one day !
1	He waved Karen off , saying that it was on the house .	Karen hesitated but then thanked him .
1	Sheila 's sister wanted to name the baby for her .	Her sister said she would make her a pie if she let her pick the name .
1	They checked in .	When they go to their room they found a mess .
0	The machine displayed that he was 23 cents short .	He went to the ATM to get $ 900 to pay for rent .
1	Wendy made herself chicken soup and a healthy fruit smoothie .	The next morning , she felt much better .
1	I planned to bake a cake for dessert .	At the store I bought extra flour , eggs and butter .
0	I made the decision never to use Q Tips	They start jumping and rolling around in euphoria .
0	Jill and Mike played a lot of pretend games on the rain .	Jill and Mike used to pretend they were walking along the beach .
1	They said they had a wallet that matched the description .	When he went to get it they used his ID to verify it was his .
1	They visited an animal shelter to get one .	Julie loved all the dogs , but one cute mutt in particular .
0	Then he found one that paid pretty good to write short stories .	He found a bunch of bad jobs that paid almost nothing .
0	He denies the affair but asks for a divorce .	So she asks him if he 's having an affair .
0	She asked her boss if she could work more shifts .	After a month she still had only a few shifts .
0	I started to cross the bridge .	I decided to build a bridge out of dead wood .
1	I had never been interested in learning to speak Russian .	However , I took a Russian literature class in college .
1	Lisa met her friend Eric while running in the park .	They would see each other a few times a week .
0	He walked backwards through school .	He wanted to do it the whole day .
1	She noticed fraudulent charges on it .	Jane 's bank put the money back in .
0	It did not turn out quite the way she hoped !	She put it in a bowl and mixed it heartily .
1	Tyler bought himself a skateboard .	He began practicing .
1	He wandered the stacks to find a good one .	A blue book about fishing caught his eye .
1	But he quickly realized he could n't finish it all .	Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it .
1	They walked around each exhibit .	Her daughter loved the zoo .
1	When she finished , she sent the album to companies .	She was glad she 'd gotten studio time to record her album .
1	The pain grew excruciating .	She almost gave in , but she managed to resist .
0	One night there was a big moth in her room .	Nina was afraid of moths .
1	Sally was often busy with work , and began to feel lonely .	She wanted some new friends , but was n't sure where to look .
0	She was standing up and seemed happy unlike the rest .	I had a really hard time deciding until I saw Cinnamon .
1	She blamed her sisters .	She tried to screw it back in .
0	He was a successful artist with a promising future .	Brenda was in love with her boyfriend Maxwell .
1	He left to the park with his dog instead .	He had a great time and felt happy with his dog .
1	Whitney and Kyle 's friendship ended .	They no longer talk and they broke their bond .
1	He studied all night for the test .	He just barely missed the school bus as it passed his house .
1	We went against each other in Super Mario Brothers .	Afterwards , we decided to talk outside for a few minutes .
1	So each night she started going to bed five minutes earlier .	She found it easier to make such a small change .
0	Mary did n't know that was Megadeth 's guitarist .	The barista told her she 'd just missed Chris Adler !
1	She was nervous , but things were going well .	Then , she tried to go to latin class .
1	He paid for the balls and drove to the golf course .	He met up with his team and distributed the balls .
0	In the hospital I was told that I severed my spinal cord .	In a panic I called 911 and rushed to the the hospital .
1	Yesterday I went on an animal safari at animal kingdom .	The ride was fun .
0	He saw all the episodes .	Michael loved dragon ball Z .
1	At the final game of the season , the coach let Jimmy play .	Jimmy scored his first goal !
1	Everyone packed up and left .	The park became closed .
0	After a few weeks she did not even miss carbs at all !	Soon her cravings got fewer and milder .
0	Several professionals showed up later and fixed the power line issue .	I panicked and went back inside and called my power department .
1	Laura is a kindergarten teacher in charge of ten kids .	One school day during roll call she only counted 9 children .
0	Timmy congratulated his teacher in class the next day .	He teacher was being interviewed by a local news reporter .
1	James was in fifth grade .	One day , he saw a girl doing some interesting origami .
1	She had several green beers .	She felt festive at first , but then kind of sick .
0	In the kitchen she could see Lynn 's dad in the refrigerator .	Lynn stood on a rock and peered into a window .
1	He poured the cereal into a bowl like he always did .	Then he found out he had no milk !
1	She took too long running errands .	He was late for work .
0	The match needed to be played , it was pouring rain , and Elliott won .	They had to play each other for the number 1 ranking spot .
0	Kim loved her homemade sweater more than any other sweater ever !	So she purchased yarn and began to knit Kim 's sweater herself .
1	Brian has dreamed for many Years of going back graduate school .	He starts by studying for a standardized test .
0	His fish had had babies !	One day , little baby fish appeared in the tank .
1	He then went to the local store , but it too was empty .	Just as he was about to give up , he remembered his friend had soda .
1	It was time for Tim to try cake , he got a piece on his plate .	Tim took a bite and absolutely loved it !
0	Jake began searching the neighborhood but had no luck .	When he got outside his do was nowhere to be found .
0	She had been playing with a friend who now had strep throat .	Emily was feeling very sick one day .
1	The family ran to check out how nice the water was .	The kids ended up swimming for nearly 2 hours .
1	The dog did not seem to like Tom .	The dog would bark and scratch him .
1	A school teacher passed by and noticed she was struggling .	Megan explained that she could n't read , so the teacher wanted to help .
0	They played for hours .	His friend Richard invited him to play a game .
0	He did not want to take them off .	Joey was wearing his lucky socks .
1	I realized that was what I wanted .	I scooped her out and decided to keep her .
1	Eva decided to do her friends ' nails to make money for her prom dress .	She advertised her services at school .
1	The teacher took her students on a field trip .	They misbehaved .
1	They made her breakfast in bed .	They covered the eggs in ketchup to make them red .
1	Alas , it was too expensive for me to eat more than once per year .	I decided to make my own smoked salmon .
0	She was born in the beginning of December .	Brownie is my dog .
1	My daughter played tee ball this year .	She loved to swing the bat .
1	He was having fun and it was bright out .	All of a sudden clouds rolled in .
0	He proposed to Dee , telling her that he had left the flyer on her car .	At the concert , she was surprised when her boyfriend got on stage .
0	Alas , he did n't like having to go to the bathroom more often .	The alarm clock worked .
1	Bob wanted to see his favorite band perform this weekend .	Bob did n't have enough money or a ride to the show .
0	He spent all day laying them down .	He went and bought fancy tiles for the floor .
0	I started to feel sick .	We twisted and turned very fast .
1	She went home and tried to draw what she 'd seen .	It took her Years and Years of practice .
1	He figured he would live there forever .	Then he met a girl named Juniper .
1	She tried it out the next day on a normal run .	She was surprised to find her normal run was 13 miles !
0	The neighbor was very nice and gave Kim some butter .	Kim had never met her neighbors before but walked next door anyway .
0	One day she heard steps running on the roof .	There were a lot of kids always running around .
1	Ken saw a mouse in his kitchen .	He chased after it .
0	Then her doctor called to set her mind at ease .	She was unsure what exotic tropical disease she might 've contracted .
0	He tracked me down via all of my social media .	It had been several years since we broke up .
1	I realized that the phone had terrible service .	I tried to ask for a new phone but my boss told me no .
1	Ed decided to pull over .	He waited until it was safe before he drove again .
1	One morning I left early for work .	I turned on the water sprinkler to give the grass a good drink .
1	They got their brother Zach and took him outside .	There was an electric fence in their backyard .
0	A lot of other people also forgot to rsvp .	I forgot to rsvp .
1	Until they scored 8 points in 40 seconds .	People were on the edge of their seats .
1	Ray lived close to an elementary school .	But he had to listen to the school bell several times a day .
0	She left the dough to sit on the counter and rise .	Cara was making rolls for dinner .
0	Richard and his family decided to abandon the site and fled .	A terror group began to close in on their town , worrying Richard .
0	Luckily , he did win on the crane game .	Some kids placed bets on him .
0	Pablo was no good at painting .	Pablo wanted to make a painting .
0	It was pleasant and calming .	The sun 's warmth caressed my face as wind swept over my head .
0	Being inventive , Rick decided to create his own job for himself .	He went to every local business , but none of them were hiring .
1	I decided to follow his advice .	Indeed , the rice tasted delicious !
1	Liz got on the phone and asked her mother to come home .	Her mother immediately fired the babysitter .
0	They went out to a club and danced .	They came back to the hotel and got ready .
0	Neil was glad he had made time to see Qatar .	But it had its own unique culture and history .
0	When they got there they went from table to table .	Johnny was excited to go the the flea market with his mom .
0	He ran from the room and slammed the door behind him .	The insect filled Sam with great terror .
0	Someone purchased the shirt .	She decided to resell the shirt .
0	Finally the big night came .	He did stretches and yoga .
0	Ben quickly found out he was a natural .	He decided to sign up for painting classes .
0	He was arrested for disorderly conduct and attacking an officer .	Arnold had to detain him .
0	She was scared of the deep end .	Dominique was taking swimming lessons .
1	And David stood outside watering his lawn for half an hour .	But the next day , it rained .
0	She immediately went to the hospital .	Hannah ended up with a broken nose .
0	She told he mom she would help babysit .	Sally was excited to be a big sister .
0	He needed to concentrate on a tricky subject .	Tom kept trying to do homework last night .
0	I read in an article that green tea helps with weight loss .	One of my favorite new drinks is green tea .
1	She was excited to hear that they accepted her for the show .	Samantha ended up winning America 's Next Top Model .
0	So , he got a game that he had been wanting for awhile .	The owner said that he could trade his game for a new one .
0	She was on her favorite website , searching for the latest cats .	Jess loved looking at image of cats .
1	His parents encourage him to try out for the team anyway .	He summons the courage to come to football tryouts .
0	Then , it began to rain .	Recently , it was very cold outside .
0	On , what he thought , was his last visit he saw he looked like his mom .	He determined he was adopted and wanted to give his mom respect .
0	One day , he went to the lake and set his gear up .	Mike always loved to go fishing .
0	It was on the site of a railroad locomotive factory .	He gave me a brochure about his company .
0	The tow truck drive , Jim , got there and looked for the car .	A tow truck was called to a lake .
1	She set her alarm to wake up at eleven .	But she was so tired , she did not hear the alarm .
1	She agrees to go out with him .	They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after .
0	Everyone brings a dish .	The neighborhood always has a pool party .
1	Lee wanted to compete in a race .	She started running on her own .
0	I headed back to the mall where it was on sale for fifty dollars less .	I found the perfect gift for my mom , but could n't buy it due to price .
1	My mom wanted me to buy food for the house .	Since I was saving my money , I asked my sister if she can buy it .
1	Billy went to the fair with his family .	While he was there , he saw a game that caught his eye .
0	She went to the store to buy all of the ingredients for the dishes .	She gathered all of her recipes and made a grocery list .
1	She hired a world famous chef to lead her kitchen .	Her restaurant eventually became very successful .
0	He had been shot in a drive-by shooting on his way to the park .	They saw a report of Jack 's death .
1	They took an 18 hour long flight to their destination .	Todd was overwhelmed by the smell of fish at the airport .
0	He refreshed his email over and over .	He was waiting to hear back from a recent job interview .
0	He was calling the boy to come back and fight some more .	His father was walking down the street behind him .
0	But he forced himself out of bed .	Jim was incredibly tired one morning .
1	Josh had to ride a little pony for the first time , he was n't happy .	The pony got stung on the butt by a bee , causes it to buck .
1	He especially hated the chairs he had to sit in at school .	So he decided to bring a folding chair to school everyday .
0	He had traveled the world playing his music .	Dell was a musician from Seattle .
0	He carefully customized his vehicle .	He waited patiently as the system updated .
1	Unfortunately , she forgot some of the words and the crowd jeered .	She hoped to get another chance someday and she 'd practice for sure .
1	Grandpa asked if she wanted to wait for the next movie .	Lucy thought it might be better to see a different one instead .
0	Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip .	A bear ate all their food the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking .
1	He moved swiftly and faster than me .	Before I had a chance to make a shot , my friend grabbed the ball .
0	But it 's worth the effort in the end .	It 's frustrating and a bit annoying .
1	As soon as she put it on her hair , it felt amazing .	She could n't wait to use more of it .
0	This holiday was no exception .	Every year grandma would knit her a new sweater .
1	She felt so relaxed after a long day .	The hours just flew by .
1	By the time he realized , it was too late .	Alan had to walk back four blocks .
1	He called his aunt from a hidden number .	Then , he made a joke and hung up .
0	I began to boil milk .	I wanted to make cheese .
1	After a few hours , she had a feeling that she had forgotten something .	Julie went home and saw in the mirror how red she was .
1	When the dismissal bell rung , he held the class .	Everyone was late to their next class .
1	In the beginning , Charles did n't think Lisa was crazy .	But he was wrong .
0	They yelled at each other .	One day , her friend said something horrible .
1	Everyday she cared for her garden .	It grew into the most beautiful garden in the neighborhood .
0	I lost my balance and the phone smashed the ground .	A bit too much fun it seemed as it came out of my hand .
1	Sirene had been a famous silver screen actress .	She chose to become a teacher at the height of her fame .
1	Everyday Ashley practiced her dance moves .	After a year , Ashley danced in her first recital .
1	My daughter watches television shows that are educational .	Some of the shows are better than others .
0	With a saw he then cut up the pieces .	He measured out the wood with a ruler and pencil .
1	I thought she had a great demeanor .	We took her home that day .
1	When the stylist showed her the cut she was horrified .	The haircut was nothing like the image , Sally cried .
0	He began to hammer a nail into a chosen spot .	He grabbed his hammer and some nails and walked over to the wall .
0	Jim went to the repair shop to have his car repainted .	His insurance company compensated him for the damage .
1	She collected a pail and shovel to clean up the inevitable .	Two hours later the cat was back with a big rat to lay at Mary 's feet .
0	Then , one friend went in and opened a back door for them .	Instead , they bought one ticket .
0	The students were relieved as they returned to class .	The students learned that the fire alarms was just a drill exercise .
1	Johnny loves playing catch with his dad .	On weekdays his dad is busy .
1	Joe 's new dog slept in an old box on the porch .	Joe got busy building a fabulous dog house .
0	They called the police and hid in the bathroom .	They soon realized they were getting broken into .
1	Sam , my college roommate , stole a license plate .	Specifically , he took it from a campus security vehicle .
1	Kat was fifty pounds overweight .	She was very unhappy with how she looked and felt .
0	Her step father liked his kids more , and proved it when he beat Anita .	Anita did n't know her real father , but her step father was around .
1	Lee was trying to teach his mom how to use a computer .	He showed her how to open a browser .
0	He had to go to school .	SHe got mad and him and dragged him out .
0	But , the teacher said it looked unrealistic and failed him .	When he presented it he thought he did well .
0	I began to cough and my chest hurt .	I was using a saw so lots of dust was getting in the air .
1	He went to their door and knocked loudly .	Julius explained how the walls were thin andy made a lot of noise .
0	He wanted to get his licence so badly !	Bill was really nervous the morning of his driving test .
0	She worried the joking may have been too familiar .	Then she found out he was the manager .
0	He learned a new relaxation technique .	The man began singing and calmed down .
1	He practiced every day as hard as he could , year after year .	His basketball team went on to winning the nationals .
0	She felt sure she 'd come in last place .	She was n't a very good bowler .
0	They spent six hours playing different board games .	They took turns deciding which game to play .
0	That night one of our friends had a heart attack and died .	The third week we invited some other friends and it was fun .
0	He did not study all week .	Ted had a big test tomorrow .
0	She is at an estate sale looking at a dresser .	Ellie loves to restore old furniture .
1	I bought a bag of jellybeans for Easter .	I hid the candy in a high cabinet so my children would n't eat them .
0	Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .	He told her to re edit the document .
1	We were so happy to have found this dog .	When we got him home , he was so happy too !
1	She thought his feet must hurt in the shoes .	She checked and his toes were at the front of the shoes .
1	One night I was feeling pretty down .	My boyfriend I had broken up .
0	As a result , Cindy would cry everyday .	The mean girl Lisa would never let Cindy play with her .
1	He tried finding a safe place to take a nap .	Hallie refused to let him sleep .
0	Tori had an allergic reaction and passed out .	She yelled out for help .
1	Tim took his dog to the vet .	The vet gave Tim 's dog a shot .
0	Jade was so thrilled to get her one-of-a-kind wedding ring !	Then she selected her stone .
1	His first batch came out weak and terrible .	His second batch was a little better .
0	Bobby went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry .	It went right through their neighbor 's window .
0	She did not like her brown eyes .	Jessica was concerned about her appearance .
0	After dusting , most of the people have left the building .	Then I start dusting .
0	She gathered her dirty laundry and went to the laundromat .	She separated her clothes into separate piles .
0	He was always worried about hackers .	Andy had a lot of information online .
0	She realized that it was a pass to get out of class .	She saw a piece of paper on the floor .
0	Jasper ignores their complaints , and uses the air conditioner anyway .	However , they say it is too expensive .
1	He saw a competition from a soda company .	He entered , and was asked to design a Christmas sweater .
1	They had been trying for years .	They needed a medical procedure .
1	But as they worked , Omar realized they two were very alike .	He ended up becoming great friends with his new trainee !
1	Fred took him home but his parents made him put it back .	Fred was disappointed .
1	They argued about who it belonged to .	They were very mad .
0	After she ate dinner she packed her backpack with all her new supplies .	She helped her mom pick out her clothes for the next day .
0	They worked hard for weeks to learn their lines and music .	The children wanted to put on a play .
0	Lynette still babysits to help the family .	This made Lynette stress out a lot .
1	One day she decided to enter a local singing competition .	Diane went up on stage and began to sing .
1	The wind cause Jarred to lose his balance !	Jake was the champion of the balance beam !
0	So thin people wondered if he was anorexic .	Jim was very thin .
0	She needed her husband to take over for a night so she could sleep .	Mary had been taking care of the baby at night for the past week .
0	The ball sped down the hill and crashed into a tree .	Once at the top they gave it a push and watched .
1	Jane got a perfect score .	She was greatly relieved .
1	Joseph decides to shave it .	He never grows a beard again .
1	Tad 's parents told him they were bringing him home a puppy !	Tand was so excited !
0	One of the workers offered them a chance to play a game .	They walked around to explore different attractions .
1	Laura reluctantly tried one .	She found it very enjoyable to her unexpected delight .
0	The pain did n't abate , and Sadie knew she probably had a cavity .	In spite of her efforts , one day she experienced a toothache .
0	He loved alfalfa .	I had a pet rabbit .
0	When her dad asked why she said because she thought she 'd see bunnies .	After about an hour she looked sad .
0	She decided to let her stay home .	Her mom thought she had a fever .
1	We called a gentleman who was selling Scottish Terriers .	He told us to come by his home , because he had two left .
0	After a few months , he had enough money .	Bob decided to get a second job to save up the money .
0	They walked for about half an hour , enjoying the sights and smells .	Tito wagged his tail as Alice attached the leash and tied her shoes .
1	While playing I hid behind a bush .	After playing , i felt itchy .
1	It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them .	When she was ten , her grandfather became very ill .
1	That night , the news showed a man killed on a motorcycle .	Dan 's new motorcycle gathers dust in the garage .
0	To their surprise the tornado had missed their block .	When it was quiet Amy 's dad went out to see the damage .
1	Since the supervisor was gone for the night Amy answered the question .	The coworker thanked Amy profusely for helping with a hard caller .
0	I have been taking lessons and getting a lot better .	I always play my mom in Tennis at least once a month .
1	I wanted to visit to see what they had .	I drove the the shop and went in .
1	Although he grew up in New York , he lives in Los Angeles now .	However , one year his mother becomes ill .
1	The phone vibrated violently next to Matt .	He picked it up and looked at the screen .
0	Ana was able to bring her bird home at last .	The vet promised to call the sanctuary to straighten it out .
1	He wanted to have friends over and play football on the weekends .	So he asked his neighbors if that was ok .
1	She therefore decided to buy chicken sausage .	To her delight it tasted good .
0	She woke me up one day at 8am with the helmet and knee pads in hand .	She have been begging me to teach her , every since I purchased it .
0	They traveled there by car .	They had never been there before .
1	When I got there it was terrifying .	The kids were always fighting .
1	The scarf came out beautifully and everyone was proud .	Joey was so glad she had taken a risk and knit the scarf .
0	She ended up taking a cab .	She did not know what to do .
1	What he really did though , was kill pigeons behind his stall .	He cooked them and defeathered them
1	I knew that I knew about the players and the league in general though .	I ended up taking first place and winning over five hundred dollars .
0	The men hung around the BBQ and the women gathered to talk .	Quite a few people brought delicious sides .
1	Patty had a traffic ticket .	She had no money to pay the ticket .
0	None of the neighborhood girls let him play .	Timon loved to play hopscotch .
1	He wrote books and published articles online .	He did his best to teach others .
1	She pulled out a bottle of bug spray and applied it liberally .	Thankfully , the bugs smelled the spray and left Anna alone .
0	he started seeing public housing and suspicious characters .	He ended up getting lost .
1	He knew he would enjoy being back home .	He was worried about one thing , though .
0	But later , at puzzle time , a little girl named Sara befriended him .	At recess , he did not play with anybody .
0	One night , Harry suddenly feared the space under his bed .	At night , his closet light was always turned on .
0	Finally , it was one day before the release date .	I had been waiting for the seventh Star Wars film for many years .
0	As she turned off the TV , a door suddenly slammed shut upstairs .	Alone one night , Lisa watched a ghost movie that left her nervous .
1	She chopped up some onions and got started with dinner .	She worked hard over the stove for about an hour .
1	Ray wanted some milk .	So he went to his refrigerator and got some .
0	Alas , I dropped it on the way home .	I bought a bottle of brandy .
0	It was out at sea on a mission .	The boat was traveling for a long time .
0	I took the slip to my mom for her to sign .	It was embarrassing because I never got in trouble before .
0	She wanted to give a pop quiz .	The teacher said to put everything away .
0	Mel suddenly loved her summer job !	It was much higher than she had thought .
1	I checked my pockets , but noticed I forgot my ID .	I ran out to my car , found my ID and returned to the counter .
0	His Pit-bull was always bigger and tougher than dogs in dog shows .	Andrew knew he should n't enroll his Pit-bull in a dog show .
0	Frightened Joe ran .	He had already swallowed 100 hot dogs when a gull landed on his head .
0	But on this day it was about to change .	They had standing bets but John usually won .
0	The scientist challenged everyone to play against his robot .	He took his robot to the robot to the alley to show off .
1	As soon as he saw this , Jay began to feel ill .	He tore the letter in half and threw it on the ground .
0	He entered a design in a redesign contest for his own city .	He most disliked the flags with text on them .
1	The deer in the field show up every year .	This year there were more than normal .
1	I ran myself a nice , hot bubble bath .	I got into the tub .
1	I am a stay at home mom .	I get very tired of deciding what to make for dinner .
1	The book is about an American woman fighting an Iranian immigrant .	The immigrant bought the woman 's house under odd circumstances .
0	The crews tried and tried , but they could n't get the nets apart .	Two fishing trawlers got their nets tangled together .
1	It had long been tradition to hunt whales during the Spring .	Hung 's family had been doing it for many generations .
1	Joseph had a crush on a girl .	He was afraid of approaching her .
0	Andrew is now happy .	Andrew then married her and it put everything in perspective for him .
1	One day , Nell snuck a roll of quarters from the cash drawer .	Nell 's dad discovered that money was missing .
1	The person pulled on the door but it did not move .	Sam walked over to the door and pushed it open .
1	He waited for the sun to rise to look for them .	The sun came slowly over the hills .
1	She finally found one she liked .	She was able to work out a great deal with the dealership .
1	But then , near home , she struck another vehicle .	Ellen was arrested for drunk driving .
1	Lisa hated having siblings that were twins .	She always felt like the attention was always on them .
1	She was excited the first day when she started running .	After the first block Amy was winded and struggling to run .
0	He happily walked out after buying three colorful pairs of shoes .	Jim felt excited and rushed to check out the selection .
1	She was hurt and rushed to the hospital .	Luckily she is said to be on her way to a full recovery .
0	She finds a local carpenter who allows her to be an apprentice .	She decides that she should become a carpenter .
1	Jill and Mike used to pretend they were walking along the beach .	Jill and Mike played a lot of pretend games on the rain .
0	He walked to his room and put the tape in his pocket .	Now he had to keep her from smashing the LL Cool J tape .
1	But his wife cooked them up for him and he tried them .	Joel could hardly believe his taste buds .
1	It expressed my love for her .	The teacher saw and grabbed the note .
1	She took it home and cared for it .	Soon she planted it in her yard .
0	But one day a kind stranger snuck her out the back door .	Hy came from Asia and was forced to work in a brothel .
0	The kids listed careers such as doctor , lawyer and fireman .	Sam 's teacher asked the class what their dads did for a living .
0	As she left class she gave herself a pat on the back for not working .	She was enacting her brilliant plan to ace school by the motto why try
0	Steve brought over a board game .	It was his best friend Steve .
1	Kim 's sister was upset there was silly string all over the walls .	As Kim cleaned the string she found it stained walls with flat paint .
0	They took a picnic lunch and champagne with them .	Tim surprised Liz with a hot air balloon ride .
0	Now he is learning a lot of new things .	Cade 's mom decides to home-school him instead .
0	He was playing around with the bubbles .	Ollie was taking a bath .
1	Amy was partners in class with her crush Ray .	As the teacher gave instructions Amy and Ray talked to each other .
1	He decided to take the highway to get to the store faster .	The back of the truck opened up by accident .
1	Betty ordered something that was too spicy for her .	For many weeks after , Betty did not ask to go out to eat .
1	Lucy got all her friends together for a pizza party .	She was super excited to make the pizza .
1	He reviewed all his notes .	Then he practiced essay writing .
0	They were half price off at the local bar .	After a long day at work I needed a drink .
1	There was a heavy storm coming and the radio signals were out .	The captain ordered the crew to make a hard turn to the right .
1	Tom has a panic attack .	Tom abandons his job at the middle of his shift .
0	There was an electric fence in their backyard .	They got their brother Zach and took him outside .
0	So he went to a park .	However he had never seen one .
0	There was a lot of dead grass that needed to be cleaned up .	Today I raked my entire backyard .
0	Tracy is now considered a murderer for killing Doug .	Tracy discovered Doug lied about his feelings .
0	He really wanted a new game .	Taylor likes video games .
0	The judge granted the request .	Her mom requested full custody .
0	She wanted some new friends , but was n't sure where to look .	Sally was often busy with work , and began to feel lonely .
0	Two Year 's after the accident it was still fresh in her mind .	Laura lost her son in a car accident .
1	As soon as I saw the fence , I ducked down .	I saved my own life by acting quickly that afternoon .
0	Josh ended up in surgery but did n't lose his finger .	Until his finger got caught and he started screaming .
0	However , Henry turned off his phone .	He asked if he can borrow Henry 's phone .
0	Sadly , I did n't make the team due to not being able to do cartwheels .	I was so nervous , I was the last person called up to audition .
1	We bought a 6 foot fake palm tree that we decorated with seashells .	This tree is a real hit on facebook to the people back home !
0	After that Jay was able to call home when he wanted .	Tim decided to buy Jay a phone .
1	She could n't even sleep that night because of it .	The next day comes and she gets picked to go first .
0	He bet 200 dollars .	Joe was playing blackjack .
1	She had an appointment and could not buy it right then .	When Marty went to the store the angel was already gone .
0	Pete finally met someone new .	Pete felt destroyed by the rejection .
1	Tom played every day .	Tom even played during school .
1	Joe enjoyed gossiping about people .	He stirred up trouble with all of his friends .
1	He thought it was very boring .	He could barely understand the game .
1	She decided to practice on her dog .	She combed out his fur , and started cutting .
0	He was ignorant of safety practices for outdoor activities .	Basil went camping in bear infested woods .
0	When it ended they pretended like they had fun .	As they rode Beth realized this was boring .
0	Fortunately , my dad was able to bounce back .	Things seemed hopeless for a little while .
1	It was my turn to provide food for poker night with the guys .	They came over and I browned up some meat for Sloppy Joe 's .
0	He got his umbrella from the closet .	He put on his rubber boots and rain jacket .
0	Lucy had to eat her hamburger first .	She wanted more but grandma stopped her .
1	He noticed a flyer advertising a local hot air balloon festival .	A few days later he went to the festival .
0	Her first day on the job , a horse kicked her in the head .	Becky quit the bank and got a job at an equestrian center .
1	She bought some Daiya brand pizza .	Going back home , it started to rainy .
0	He spent most of his money to buy a scarecrow .	Crows have been circling the area lately so he assumed it was them .
0	All 3 dogs grab a section of the bone at the same time .	A bone is placed between them .
1	However , Jim got hit by his back .	Both of them landed on the ground .
1	Sonya was saving money in her bank .	She was saving to pay a credit card debt .
1	She told her class children of the past were very similar to them .	The young ones of Pompeii played the Floor Is Lava game .
0	Sue and her family had to evacuate their house .	One year , a major hurricane was announced on the news .
1	At recess , he did not play with anybody .	But later , at puzzle time , a little girl named Sara befriended him .
0	Some of them were successful and others were not .	I went on plenty of dates .
0	She was very nervous about flying in a plane .	Lisa was going on her first plane ride to visit some cousins .
1	The police promptly found Jon and arrested him .	Jon went to prison for three years .
0	However , the rest of her body fell out of the bed .	She stretched her arms out in order to reach it .
0	When he sat down on the couch , he could n't find the remote .	Charles wanted to watch his favorite show on the television .
1	She went to a bakery and picked out fancy macaroons .	She transferred the sweets from the box to her own platter .
0	The waiter told them they had both red and white wine .	The customer asked for some wine .
0	In high school , Victor beat up Charles in front of everybody .	Charles and Victor were enemies .
1	The next time Frank did laundry , some of the new socks were lost .	Frank learned to be content wearing mismatched socks .
0	He lived near the northern border of the continental US .	Del wanted to visit Canada .
0	At home I called in sick to work .	It got so bad I decided to turn around .
0	Excited , I walked up to him and said , I 'm so glad to meet you !	Will Smith walked into Guitar Center where I was working .
1	His baby laughed some more .	Clem 's wife smacked him , and everyone stopped laughing .
1	The artist agreed , and Pat snapped a photograph of her with the ice .	The next morning they read that someone had sabotaged the sculptures .
1	Kay decided that she did need the list so she went back to get it .	With the list she got everything she needed and dinner was perfect .
1	The next morning she handed it in on time .	The boss was impressed by her level of commitment .
0	They had a Napster logo on the bottom so Charles bought them .	He found a pair that cost twenty five dollars .
0	The wind shifted and the flames roared towards the firefighters .	He scanned the horizon back and forth for potential dangers .
0	He walked away , frightened of what might be in there .	When he got there and it was unlocked .
0	He was in the pool when she noticed him .	He decided to swim without her .
0	They both ended up very happy .	Tim decided to share .
0	The referee told him that his shot did n't count .	However , Jimmy continued to make a shot .
1	Soon , it was obvious to the customers that Jan was going to be a mom .	Jan rarely complained , but she mentioned her feet were more tired now .
0	Therefore , she got up and left .	She became disgusted when he was trying to flirt with her .
1	He goes to the restaurant and does n't see anyone he knows .	He calls his buddy to find out what 's going on .
1	Josh just guessed at the recipe .	The patron was very dissatisfied with the result .
1	Sylvia was accused to robbing a bank .	Sylvia was innocent .
0	Hank met a new friend , named Jon , at the party .	When he got to the party , he was warmly greeted .
1	I have recently started having green smoothies for breakfast each day .	I start with some kind of leafy greens , like spinach or chard .
0	Now we own large dogs that are not locked up , instead .	This does not make much sense .
0	Feasting on the land it made its way to the river .	It sniffed at branches and dug up buried nuts .
1	They did not want Tina to feel welcome .	They ostracized her until she no longer felt wanted .
0	She kept my pace as long as her little legs could keep up .	The possum saw me and started following me !
0	One day he was called into the principal 's office for his swearing .	Anthony swore a lot and he often was in trouble for it .
1	I wrote from the time I woke up till the time I went to sleep .	All the effort paid off .
0	He reads the movie listings to see what is available .	Jason wants to see a good movie .
0	Hurriedly she pulled out her phone to research the small berries .	When she saw them , she panicked , thinking they were poisoned !
0	While everyone looked nice , I had a weird frown on my face .	I took a look at the photo after it was processed .
0	Sally struggled to find work without dealing with people .	She moved to a rural area .
1	The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return .	Daniel did it free of charge and brought the food home for his kids .
1	While I thought it would be busy , the crowds were sparse .	The movie was n't bad but it was n't great either .
1	Jen 's in laws frustrated her to no end .	They all went out to have lunch .
1	Nate was driving with his girlfriend .	She spotted a stray cat on the side of the road .
1	They went to many bars and had lots of drinks .	Eventually Jim became very inebriated .
1	He left them out on the front step and let them dry .	Carter 's mom decided to throw the shoes away rather than clean them .
0	Her coworker Marc had wanted to quit drinking coffee .	Alia drank tea quite often during the week at work .
1	Jay has been working at the restaurant .	A customer came in , demanding free food .
1	She spent all day trying to find it .	She found it in the recycling bin at last .
1	Lita 's friend told her to use an online tax service .	Lita found one that she felt comfortable using .
1	Josh was n't a very good reader , and that made him sad .	He asked his teacher for help , and she said yes .
0	She mowed the lawn three times before she had earned enough .	She decided to mow the lawn for her parents to earn money .
1	I refused and walked away .	We did n't talk for the whole day .
1	Dave decided he would wash his dad 's car that weekend .	He took the car through the carwash but scraped the side of the door .
1	She only had 8 cakes , and wanted to save them for later .	By the time they left she was down to 3 .
0	Pablo 's performance made him popular and no one bothered him again .	Pablo joined the football team and helped win the first game .
1	One day she blew one bigger then ever .	Her former friend came by and popped it with his finger .
1	Abbey had a role in a Peter Pan ballet .	Backstage , her older sister helped her do her hair and makeup .
1	I drove to the airport to go to Puerto Rico .	When I arrived the flight was delayed because of a storm .
1	Tom was driving through his city .	Tom was listening to the radio .
0	Sue was told that flash photography was not allowed .	All of a sudden , security told her to stop taking pictures .
0	She tried to get her art published in the art museum .	Susie was an aspiring artist .
0	Her students asked if she was drunk .	While teaching a lesson she stumbled on her words .
1	One time , after a Phillies game the players were signing autographs .	I managed to sneak down and get a picture with Chase Utley .
0	He took first place !	He was ready , and his friends said good luck .
0	I knew immediately that something was not right .	I sneezed as I woke up this morning .
0	At home , she noticed how dirty the carpet was .	At work , she began to feel better .
1	Jim Malone was a science teacher with a passion for music .	Jim taught at a school for gifted , but less fortunate kids .
0	We happened to board her trolley .	My fiancee introduced her to me in 1981 .
1	Then he entered it in the talent show .	He did not expect to win .
0	She was responsible for making deviled eggs .	Mary was going to her family 's Thanksgiving dinner .
0	She tried investing in a few .	She browses the internet for the latest ideas .
1	He tried all different kinds of ingredients .	When he found the perfect milkshake recipe , he wrote it down .
1	Since the customer requested medium rare beef , it was n't cooked much .	The customer received his food within several minutes and ate it .
1	Jane found a perfect new car at the dealer .	The dealer provided Jane with a loan .
1	At the time of the contest she felt prepared .	One the contest started she got right to work .
1	But when he pulled the bread out of the oven , he frowned .	The bread had not risen !
0	First I made the dough for the shells which got flour all over .	I love empanadas so one day I decided to make them from scratch .
0	She could n't remember when she 'd last opened the oatmeal .	Some moths flew out .
1	A man went to a business function .	He mingled and schmoozed all day .
0	Her eye started to itch .	Maddie was at school .
0	One day , her husband said that they had enough .	She kept asking her husband , but they did n't have enough money .
1	Timmy called his parents on the phone and told them he missed them .	His parents flew over the next day to visit him .
1	When she found the one she wanted , she was thrilled .	She got to move in the next day .
1	His bank account was dry .	He called up his friend for a loan .
0	We noticed a treasure chest in the ground .	Once we reached the targeted area , we used shovels to dig the ground .
0	Her school was having a carnival .	Chris always loved to paint .
1	The storm was bigger than anything he had seen before .	He had not prepared with appropriate supplies .
1	His family worried that he would n't like the military .	But Nick could n't be persuaded .
1	Bob filled out the paperwork and gave it to the clerk .	Now Bob 's name is Jack .
0	They could not figure out which attraction they wanted to visit .	It was their last day and they were deciding what to do .
0	Julio thanked him with an invitation to a premium computer conference .	Robert fix the laptop for Julio free of charge .
1	Tia was making Mexican food for dinner .	She grilled up chicken for tacos .
0	She found it easier to make such a small change .	So each night she started going to bed five minutes earlier .
1	Kelsi was having her sweet sixteen .	For her party she wanted everything .
0	I see everyone gathered in the kitchen .	My mother welcomes me with a big hug .
1	His mom was amazed at how much he was learning so fast .	One night at bedtime , he announced he was going to read to her .
0	By morning , it was 100 % complete !	He stayed up all night finishing the paper .
1	At his first game he was nervous .	He did not perform well .
1	He engaged his newly installed nitro .	The nitro exploded and flipped his car .
1	I was bored .	I decided to go kayaking .
1	Music websites usually just run articles about modern music .	I had a very hard time trying to find anywhere that ran articles .
0	Jake got to eat pizza later that night .	His mother saw the room and was very happy with him .
0	To their surprise it was actually a girl .	Then , the baby was born .
0	A teenage boy stopped Jane on the path and asked her a question .	As she walked through the park , she attracted much attention .
0	She was sweating .	Yet when she got into the backyard , she saw it was very hot .
0	He was trying to grind a rail in the park .	Jake was riding his skateboard outside .
0	Randy ended up winning	They made it an event .
0	The ride was fun .	Yesterday I went on an animal safari at animal kingdom .
1	Kerry had a party to attend .	She was so worried about what she would wear .
1	When Thomas graduated high school , he wanted to run track .	He enrolled in community college and bought an apartment .
0	But someone behind him kept honking .	Will was driving to his college .
1	He shopped around and got both , adding a eighty dollar bill monthly .	Mark called his mom to thank her for all she has done for him .
0	But the next day , it rained .	And David stood outside watering his lawn for half an hour .
0	She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family .	She was tired but determined to finish .
1	The pencil was brand new .	And the boy threatened to sharpen it to annoy Gina .
1	Her friend Kim was furious .	But Amy did n't care .
1	To the East , they could see the moon rising .	They floated into the path of the setting sun on the water .
1	He then was asked to join a wheelchair basketball team .	He became very good and actually travelled with the team .
1	Gordy took it personally .	He decided to shave his beard off .
0	The news report stated the hurricane would be mild and quick .	There was a hurricane blowing into south Florida .
0	He called up a Science magazine to talk to a reporter .	Albert was very excited .
1	Instead , the protesters thought she was one of them .	They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name .
0	I decided to inspect my work .	After a few hours , I finished !
1	Lucy was bored watching TV with her grandpa .	He wanted her to stay and watch TV with him .
1	Girls did it all the time , so why could n't he ?	He chose to go from dark brown to bleach blonde .
0	Jeff had to dive into the cold water to rescue his dog .	The dog could not swim .
0	She had such a severe anxiety attack her mom forced her into therapy .	She stayed at her friends house and they happened to collect mirrors .
0	Santa came down the chimney and left presents under the tree .	They set out their stockings and went to sleep .
1	Marsha hired a cleaning lady to clean the house .	The lady came and started cleaning .
0	Finally , she found one that she wanted to visit .	Wanda was so upset that she looked for another church .
1	He started doing it .	In the middle he lost interest .
1	Charlie and his friend went inside after playing with the dog .	Charlie forgot his bag outside and the dog ate all of his candy !
1	Cindy was mad at her puppy .	It ruined her couch .
0	She ran for a towel and started to put pressure on the spot .	My head ended up bleeding .
0	He bent over to tie his shoelaces .	Ted was walking down the street with his earphone in his ear .
1	Bailey needed a haircut .	One day she went to a salon .
0	He ate alone to avoid opening the paper sack in front of anyone .	Danny 's mom always packed him a lunch in a brown bag .
0	He brought his socks everywhere he went in a suitcase .	Sam had over 200 pairs of socks .
0	It was coming from my next door neighbor 's house .	I went outside to see where the noise was coming from .
1	He was also lazy and never active .	Eventually he grew up to get diabetes .
0	She is still trying to cope .	My sister in law 's husband died in late November .
0	With his sleeve , he gave it a quick polish .	He sat in his seat and took out his horn .
1	Everyone slowed to obey the yellow caution flag .	The wrecker pulled Ken 's car to safety in the middle of the track .
1	The waves crashed on the shore and washed the castle away .	We had a lot of fun building our sand castle .
0	She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids .	After getting in the house she felt bad .
1	I stood frozen for a little while .	Then , the dog started chasing me .
1	He walked back inside and grabbed his tools .	Ted went out to the mailbox and worked on it .
0	Hannah woke on her birthday , excited , and ran outside .	But for her 7th birthday , she wished for a special horse - a unicorn !
1	But , he did n't have enough money .	He decided to sell his baseball cards .
1	One friend said they should call it Mega Tower .	The mayor told the advising committee of the great name .
1	Samuel became irritated at his slow pace .	He yelled at the student to move faster .
0	That day an airplane crashed into the building she worked at .	She called off sick to work that day .
0	Today was her orientation .	Jamie was about to enter the sixth grade .
1	One day , Bill slipped on a rock and broke his leg .	The doctors told Bill that he could never run again .
1	When it finally was hot out he made sure to go visit .	He made a sandcastle and went in the water .
1	The innkeeper did n't have any space in his inn when the man came .	He told the man he could have his bed as he looked tired .
0	Tim took action immediately , jumping into the water .	Suddenly he saw a little boy struggling in the deep end !
0	But , at a party , he ate something that made his bowels move .	He especially did n't think he 'd do it at a party .
1	How long had time been this way was a mystery to him .	Suddenly the clock ticked over to 5:00 pm .
1	It was very cold one night .	Grandma did n't want to turn up the heat .
0	I guess I 'll have to do it by myself .	We were supposed to be working on our science fair project .
1	Sam was running for president .	He started getting a following .
1	Ellie was inspired to learn gymnastics after watching the Olympics .	She went to her first class full of nerves and anticipation .
0	And that is how I met my one and only pug-nosed dream .	We danced away the rest of the evening .
0	He always watched TV instead , to his parents ' disappointment .	Marcus had never liked reading much .
0	Finally , Byron was a musician !	Byron eventually mastered these instruments .
0	The fight provided drama for the party .	One of the guests got into an argument with Joe 's friend .
1	She found one in the bathroom .	She screamed and ran out .
1	The man behind her yelled everyone get down , he had a gun .	Anita ducked but another man did n't .
0	Eventually , the natives became angry and they had to sail away .	The captain decided to sail around the new island to map it .
1	He decided to blow off some steam when he got off .	He went home and changed his clothes , then went to the bar .
0	The spa workers gave her a great manicure .	She chose red for the color .
0	He did n't have a gauge .	He found a gas station to fill it back up at .
0	Gerald was upset .	They then left the party .
1	Ava was hesitant .	She thought the date would be a failure .
0	She found a car she liked .	She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars .
1	Her remotes stopped working .	She needed to replace the batteries .
0	The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor .	Once he got on the plane he was nervous .
0	The next day he learned that he got the job .	He went to Safeway and applied for a job .
0	She sipped about six different teas .	Yesterday she went to her favorite tea store .
0	Jerry then spent the afternoon watching old goosebumps episodes .	He loaded the episodes onto his tv set .
1	Tom could n't relax .	Tom put on large headphones and was able to relax .
0	They both love dinosaurs .	Desmond and Alexis are brother and sister .
0	Evan got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating .	Evan copied her answers .
1	James ran the marathon successfully .	James established a new personal record marathon time .
0	He realized his son 's diaper needed changing .	Dj smelled a foul stench .
0	Matthew was asked to taste and evaluate toaster pastries .	His mom told him about a market research study that paid cash .
1	Bernard was at the local club .	He did n't like the music that the DJ was playing .
1	Conrad rented a hot air balloon for the afternoon .	The winds carried him further than he expected .
1	He saw a guy giving out free ice cream .	Tim took a huge bowl of it .
1	He bought her a bouquet of roses .	They were able to kiss and makeup .
0	Tim lost decision making abilities and drove home drunk .	Before he knew it he had drank too much .
1	She ordered a steak .	To her dismay the steak was rare .
1	Tilly was visiting a farm .	She asked to milk the cow .
0	Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps .	Jan 's horse bucked and Jane was thrown hard to the ground .
0	I decided to see a therapist .	I was depressed .
1	Unfortunately however , my car broke down .	I then decided to call repairs .
1	It was a human skull .	He tossed the skull far away and kept digging .
0	He buys the car	He decides to call the seller up .
0	I developed diarrhea .	Alas , I took triple the recommended amount .
0	She went to the library instead .	She decided not to spent more money .
1	Her parents told her she should n't but she gathered up the courage .	Inside she found an evil wolf .
0	Kia went hungry that day .	Runny yolk spilled out of the egg .
0	They set up their chairs and blankets in the beautiful park nearby .	Alyce and Chris went with their friends to the river one afternoon .
0	I get very tired of deciding what to make for dinner .	I am a stay at home mom .
1	I took many notes .	I learned a lot about Spain .
0	The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it .	Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place .
1	She asked me to meet her on her lunch break .	When we were walking by the Llama pen it spit in her drink cup .
0	They had some epic medieval style fights , using the books as ammo .	She and her friends built large trebuchets in their backyards .
1	This girl Alexis and I were chatting last night .	She got mad at me for saying her music tastes was bad .
1	But her labor went smoothly and quickly .	Soon she was holding her baby and breastfeeding like a pro .
1	I pulled myself together , doing great the rest of the test .	Fortunately she did n't fail me just because I hit the curb !
0	I knew I would go back to them again .	Everything was perfect .
1	One time she tickled too much .	And her friend laughed so hard .
1	As he accepted his diploma his robe got caught on the podium !	Roy turned abruptly to walk off the stage with his robe caught .
1	Rob had a lot of Thanksgiving leftovers .	He was excited he did n't have to get groceries for a while .
1	Everyone would tell me how much they loved my sisters pancakes .	I asked my sister how she makes her pancakes .
1	Alex invested all her money into ruby stocks .	When they rose in value , she became rich .
0	When Santa asked Timmy if he had been good he simply said no .	His mother took him to see Santa , but he had no great hopes .
1	She looked in the mirror and saw skin peeling .	She then learned her lesson and would never tan again .
0	I walked outside and it was very foggy .	I decided that a walk might cheer me up .
1	Ann dug through her freezer and found beef and rolls .	She impatiently fried up her own homemade burgers .
1	They already had 3 kids .	Dan decided it was time to get a larger car .
0	He had to get a tetanus shot .	He stepped on an old board and his foot hit a nail .
0	My dog , who had been out all along , bit him when he jumped the wall .	Finally he decided to just jump over the wall near his truck .
0	He filled out the application and submitted it .	David seen a job ad while on the school computer .
1	I hit a long drive that landed in the rough on the second hole .	I noticed a wild sow with her piglets near my ball .
0	While people were moving down from the upper seats , a fight broke out .	The Principal and Staff announced to everyone that they can leave .
0	But George preferred to watch television instead of practice .	His teacher could n't believe how quickly he learned .
1	Madison had a song stuck in her head .	All day she found herself humming the tune .
0	They had a great time being at the front of the crowded concert .	Jasmine brought her friend , Jen .
0	Jose practiced his soccer skills day in and day out .	Tryouts for his school 's team were in one month .
1	She simply tells me it 's for my own good and she 's making me stronger .	I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice .
0	He walked over and met a boy named Harry who was his same age .	One day , he left his house and saw that a new family moved next door .
0	Rob had called Amber up and apologized for his wrong doings	Rob had missed Amber very much
0	She stepped on a hard , sharp toy .	It was late , and the hallway was dark .
0	Jake was the champion of the balance beam !	The wind cause Jarred to lose his balance !
0	She thought it would be a good background .	Rita got a new piano the other day .
0	He lived there with his wife and three kids .	The man owned a burger shop .
1	The lake had just unfrozen .	Jeff quickly got out of the lake .
0	One kangaroo kicked another kangaroo .	There were kangaroos fighting each other .
0	The room was very energetic .	I went to a concert for a band I love very much .
0	Her car would n't start .	She got into her car to drive to work .
1	I voted for myself as a write-in candidate .	I was the only person who voted for the position .
1	She did not expect to win .	Still , she hoped !
1	It was Christmas morning and they were going to the next safari lodge .	The gravel road was deserted except for roaming animals .
1	We drove to Captain George 's for dinner .	When we came out of the restaurant I saw that I got a parking ticket .
1	For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily .	During the first week , the rain flooded the basement .
1	Abbey had so much fun that she hated to go home .	Abbey returned from her vacation with a new outlook on life .
0	She pushed open a set of large double doors .	The large old church was like a maze .
0	Now she likes Nate for she is not a child anymore .	One day Saul cheated on Sarah and hurt her .
0	And he did great on the quiz !	The morning of the quiz , he crammed .
1	His brother basically escorted them throughout the school .	He was introduced to the principal and guidance counselor .
0	They both had never been to a studio tour .	It was their wedding anniversary .
1	SHe got mad and him and dragged him out .	He had to go to school .
1	He asked if there 's pickles and I immediately said no .	He gave the hamburger back and walked away .
0	After a week she began to feel better .	She was depressed and did n't care to bathe .
0	The one who found the most eggs would win a big basket of candy !	Lola 's dad was having an Easter egg hunt , and Lola was excited .
0	They arrived at the statue of liberty expecting to visit the crown .	The next day they went early .
1	She had no grass in her yard but desired to have some .	She went to the home store and bought several bags of grass seed .
1	Emily was going to jail , and she was excited .	She had been trying for years .
1	Jasper and Stacy got married when they were twenty years old .	They eventually had three children .
1	He looked around outside , shocked by the changes .	Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time .
0	She looked around the house at the clutter .	Sandra was exhausted from working all day .
1	On Christmas , they handed Tim his gift .	He was so pleased to unwrap his phone card !
1	He was laughing and she helped him up .	They had a fun afternoon at the rink .
0	Nick was afraid he would have to spend his life bed ridden .	His doctors told him that he may not be able to exercise again .
1	My sister in law lost her husband last year .	She has been depressed .
1	Colby was chosen to be on the team and was ready to play .	He went to his first game and scored twenty points .
1	Suddenly a swarm of jellyfish came and stung Patrick who got out !	The lifeguards put vinegar on it and Patrick had to stay out of water .
0	He stayed up until 4 AM to finish it .	But he had to finish his homework .
0	I did n't mind mowing the lawn , but it was spring .	It was a nice day , until I had to go outside and mow the lawn .
1	One day when she came home from work , she noticed one window open .	She called the police who came and said her apartment was broken into .
0	He planned to bring the can trick-or-treating to fill it up .	Joe brought home a can to collect for UNICEF .
1	Susan was worried about how she would pay for her son 's tuition .	He was not big enough to get a sports scholarship .
1	Kim went hiking up a tall mountain peak one day .	She was not wearing the appropriate shoes .
1	Tom 's car was n't working right .	So he decided to take it to a mechanic .
0	Despite his friend asking , Jordan never let his friend have a turn .	One day Jordan had a friend over so they could play video games .
0	A car was coming fast .	He ran a little bit too far into the street .
1	However , he realizes that watching sports might help him meet people .	Larry decides to attend a local soccer match .
1	However he could n't find the chips .	He looked everywhere .
1	When Jill gets a lawyer they start to listen .	She gets a settlement of fifteen thousand dollars .
1	When she walked away , the baby spilled juice on the carpet .	Jenny had to clean it up for half an hour .
0	He was so tired that he kept hitting snooze on his alarm .	Greg needed to wake up for school .
1	Her lawyer called me after the funeral to talk about some things .	To my surprise , my grandmother had left me 100 acres of her land !
0	In addition , Ben noticed that the driver passed his stop .	They were on the road for 10-15 minutes .
0	When he arrived they had to operate , his appendix had ruptured .	Javier drove himself straight to the hospital .
0	We took a warm bath and a nap afterwards .	We bundled up and went outside to explore and play in it .
1	She painted a landscape , with soft hues and a gentle meadow .	Her friends urged her to enter the painting in the school contest .
0	When he arrived , the artist was very nice .	He chose a tattoo parlor and made an appointment .
1	I smiled at him and continued walking .	The following day , I was walking down the same street .
1	Ollie was taking a bath .	He was playing around with the bubbles .
1	Jack was paying $ 100 for cable in his home .	He was tired of spending so much for just entertainment .
0	So he tried to fix it himself .	Larry noticed that his faucet was n't working .
0	His doctor could n't see him for weeks .	Joey had a cold .
0	Weston had to stay at the school until late that night .	The school was blocked off from the homes for the whole day .
0	Then she tried on her mother 's old wedding dress .	She really could not afford them .
1	Unfortunately , it would n't be shipped in time for Christmas .	Even though the gift arrived late , the giftee still appreciated it .
1	He sometimes finds things to get into .	His mother checked on him when he got quite .
0	She desperately wanted to conquer her fears and be able to ride .	Sara was terrified of horses , even though her mom trained them .
1	Eliza was on vacation with cousins to Disney in Orlando .	At first she was excited .
0	Shana decided to throw her a surprise shower at work .	Shana 's friend Amy was getting married .
0	Rick and the kitten played in the yard .	Rick was playing in his yard when a kitten walked over .
0	It was still enough to change his life .	He used the money to pay off debts and buy a new car .
1	When he got home he paid the taxi driver $ 20 .	Johnny was proud that he did the right thing .
0	One day at a concert his piano was in horrible pitch .	Mister Song was a brilliant concert pianist .
0	He did make a lot of good points with his argument though .	He had gotten in a heated disagreement with a teacher again .
1	Unfortunately , Patty was horribly seasick the entire time .	She was never so glad to return home from a vacation .
1	His mother said you need new shoes .	Ron knew his mom had no money he was sad .
1	India was recalling some of her childhood memories .	One particular memory was of India 's Imaginary Friend .
1	He paused for a moment to compose his thoughts .	He decide to bet it all on the next card .
0	Dan only stopped when they called the cops and made him leave .	He bounced and bounced and bounced .
0	The doctor told him he had nearly broken his neck and might have died .	Unfortunately during one game , he was struck very hard and passed out .
0	Billy got upset and decided to call the whole thing off .	Rob accused Billy of cheating him of a vintage card .
0	They left together and had lunch not far from the taqueria .	He went up to her and planted a kiss on her !
1	She loved it .	She wore it every day .
1	All the sudden , giant hail balls came down .	We ran into the first store we found and watched the hail come down .
0	Then we map out a route through our neighborhoods .	Every Saturday we wake up early and check Facebook for Garage Sales .
0	She found a cat toy inside that was causing the problem .	Jackie carefully took the pieces apart .
0	Two hours later the cat was back with a big rat to lay at Mary 's feet .	She collected a pail and shovel to clean up the inevitable .
1	Gina was finally done enrolling in high school .	There were only 2 classes left for the day .
1	It was getting in the way of his driving .	He did n't know how to fix it .
1	I scratched it off and actually won !	I was so excited that I reinvested all my winnings .
0	He finally got his shot .	One day an editor called asking to buy all his short stories .
0	I 've avoided walking and have been massaging my feet regularly .	So I decided to rest my feet for a few days .
1	It was Friday .	So everyone was excited that the cafeteria was serving pizza .
0	His teacher contacted his parents to let them know .	Eli was having some issues with certain sounds .
0	His car was old with chipped paint .	Bob loved his car .
0	She checked it out and realized that it was broken .	Her can opener would n't work .
1	He loved it !	One day , he fell sick .
1	Trevor was looking forward to his big trip to the beach .	He did not apply sunscreen because it was not very hot out .
0	The other players left in shame , as Barbara had won all of their money .	The dealer showed her the rules , and soon she started to catch on .
1	Todd has a bunch of legos to play with .	He has all the sets from his childhood .
1	A nurse offered to to take him to pick out a toy .	Alex chose a stuffed animal and started to feel better .
1	The sky turned blue .	There was a rainbow in sky .
0	Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car .	His daughter called him from college to say her car was broke down .
1	During his senior year he met a girl and they fell in love .	Shortly after , the student 's grades began to drop and he felt awful .
1	Beth ran and grabbed jars to catch them in .	The girls laughed as they ran and caught fireflies .
0	Vincent drives to Brad 's house with a friend to get the money .	Vincent 's boss says that Brad owes him money .
1	Kim 's mother did n't want her to have Garbage Pail Kids cards .	Kim bought cards and hid them in her desk at school .
0	He tried a little garlic but it was n't the right spice .	Derek made macaroni and wants to spice it up a little .
1	I am proud to be a writer .	I realize my writing may never be famous .
1	When he threw the ball , it broke through a classroom window .	A teacher got hit in the heated by the football .
0	So he went to his refrigerator and got some .	Ray wanted some milk .
1	He brought everyone some baklava .	Nearly everyone was hesitant to try it at first .
0	Melanie now spends lots of money on a different kind of pet food .	The cat was allergic to her food .
0	I was nervous but excited .	I had never been to one before .
0	There is even a zipline .	They can fly like superman and climb obstacles .
0	His boss showed up at his home and brought some food .	Nic called in sick from work .
1	He prescribed her some medicine .	Annie 's cough was gone in a few days .
0	When he got there , he could not decide which fish he wanted .	He drove thirty minutes to a pet store .
0	My parents fired me and decided to do the chores themselves .	After a week of work , I decided to increase my hourly rate .
0	Her team ended up winning the next game .	Her teammates were inspired by her words .
1	The students learned that the fire alarms was just a drill exercise .	The students were relieved as they returned to class .
1	But she was afraid !	She was a scaredy-cat .
0	We still gave a good tip , as the waitress was nice .	The entrees arrived only minutes after the appetizers .
0	Little by little Rufus learned to play banjo with Max .	One day his closest pal Max offered to help him learn to play .
0	Finally , they reached the summit of Mount Everest !	He and the guide climbed for days and days .
1	The view was inspiring .	Janet went out and had a great day .
0	They had to call it in the proper authorities .	I told my supervisor immediately .
1	He did n't like the gray , but felt that he dying his hair was dishonest	One day he decided to trying dying his hair .
0	When she looked down she saw a huge spider .	She felt something on her foot .
1	The mouse spotted crumbs on the kitchen floor .	He was also well aware the cat was sleeping in the corner .
1	Tim banged the gong a few more times for fun .	She came upstairs and opened the door for him .
0	One the contest started she got right to work .	At the time of the contest she felt prepared .
1	He decided to use rice as the starch instead .	He liked the taste but still made a note reminding him to buy pasta .
0	Several kids were walking inside .	The bus came to my stop .
0	It had had a very unhappy life .	He saw a horse that he really liked .
0	She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous .	She prepared by sharpening her pencil .
1	Recently she picked up the harry potter books .	She was surprised that she did not read it sooner .
1	Angie racked her brain , working hard to win the prize .	The teacher announced Angie got the most words of anyone .
0	She liked to fantasize about winning the car .	The prize for the raffle was a car .
0	She swerved to miss it and was barely able to maintain control .	Suddenly , she saw that she was going to hit a car .
1	While I was in the lunch line , someone called me .	He kindly asked if I can get a cookie for him .
0	Unfortunately , it did n't have a battery in it .	It was about his favorite character and it made sounds .
0	The mechanic told him it would take one hour .	He wanted to get his brakes replaced .
1	Tyler ordered a pizza .	He waited for it for almost an hour .
0	Carl kept letting him win .	His friend was a sore loser .
0	After a couple weeks of practice , Sally can ride her bike on her own .	Her father teaches her how to ride it .
1	His mom told him about a market research study that paid cash .	Matthew was asked to taste and evaluate toaster pastries .
0	He would always bring his dog .	James loves to go fishing
0	She did n't have a bike of her own .	Carrie had just learned how to ride a bike .
1	Stephen wanted to have a house party .	He invited some friends .
0	He has a tv now but uses it only to watch dvds .	He has destroyed a few tvs in his lifetime .
0	I used the money I got from the machine .	I invited my girlfriend to dinner .
0	She was going to have it at a skating rink .	June was excited about her birthday party .
1	As Chad entered , he had to check his coat .	Chad was hesitant , as he had lost a coat before .
0	They began and man were they good .	Everyone filled in to see them play .
1	He took out his only belt and put that on too .	The belt was very tight on Jay .
1	The girls dribbed the ball around and scored in the opposite goal .	By the end of the game , Monica 's team won in pride .
1	Johnny 's bull twisted and turned and bucked him off .	Johnny landed on his head in the arena dirt .
0	This had never happened to Jim before .	One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he was out of coffee .
1	Things seemed hopeless for a little while .	Fortunately , my dad was able to bounce back .
1	She studied hard but was n't sure it would be enough .	Thankfully however when she took them she did well .
0	Phyllis 's Shift key got stuck , and she lost by a landslide .	They challenged each other to a type off .
1	The director suggested that he switch to kazoo .	Pete went home to practice for the kazoo tryout .
0	She told her friend she was going to paint her toenails .	Amy was going on a date .
1	Coco would sleep through her alarm every morning .	Her boss was n't satisfied with her daily tardiness .
0	Finally Fred found it under his pillow .	He searched his house like crazy .
1	He squirted himself in the eye .	Mary spent the next 20 minutes flushing her son 's eye with water .
0	But then I found her in my yard .	I ended up losing her this morning though .
0	He took off in their helicopter .	Yesterday , as the crew ate on the beach , Mike had an idea .
0	Luckily , Benny came out safe .	As he was trying to unlock the wheel , the car flipped over .
0	Everyday the dog would wait for Tony to get home from school .	Tony had a faithful dog .
1	The ice cream got melty and sort of made a mess .	When he got home , he froze what was left of it .
1	He became addicted to heroin .	Eventually he became a drug dealer .
1	When it was large , the community rebelled against Bill .	Bill was ousted as a moderator for his strictness .
1	She got all the fabric she needed and sat down to work .	She sewed for a full day to make the best cat bed she could .
1	Tia did n't know that pork must be fully cooked before consumption .	She had accidentally made her husband sick !
0	If he doubled down one more time he would be set for life .	Three times in a row he had doubled down and been correct .
1	Peg realized she had to work overtime to afford a new bike .	Peg decided she liked her old bike better .
1	The puppy barked and whined to get her owner 's attention .	Her owner filled the food dish .
0	There was a huge water slide at the top .	Jen climbed all the way up the stairs .
1	My wife noticed me using incognito mode online .	She asked what I was doing .
0	They decorate the walls and the surrounding area with seashells .	They painstakingly dig a deep moat around their creation .
0	His dad noticed he was having trouble .	He simply could not get it right !
0	I would pet it and sometimes feed it .	There use to be a white cat that greets me every day at my porch .
1	His favorite drink was Gin and Tonic and he drank a lot of it .	He got pretty drunk and had a good time .
0	She was surrounded by flames !	She woke shortly thereafter .
1	He wanted to increase global well being .	He reviewed many popular charities .
0	He watered them every day .	He planted them carefully .
1	Janie went to the store to find a new shirt .	She tried on three different shirts .
1	They bought a fauna pamphlet and trail guide .	They saw bears , deer and two coyotes .
1	Diane 's family did n't have a lot of money .	When she was 10 Year 's old , she was allowed to pick one dress .
0	Kelly was shocked and scared .	She was by the jeans when the alarm went off .
0	She leaned over and introduced herself , which made the girl happy .	Madison decided to approach the girl .
0	He told his boss he 'd be there in fifteen minutes .	Joey could have said no , but he decided it was his duty to show up .
1	While they watched , one came very close .	Then , it stretched out its trunk and grabbed her daddy 's hat !
0	Miranda and her team screamed with joy .	At the end of the game , Miranda 's team won .
0	Tom said she was just making excuses .	So she took a break .
0	His parents brought him to counselling .	He would lash out at anyone he sees .
0	In addition , he dropped me off at an unfamiliar place .	He took an unusually different route that I was n't aware of .
0	She mixed them up in a bowl and spread the mix in a pan .	She gathered all the ingredients , including her favorite chocolate .
0	He could n't sleep the whole night before the flight .	John was very nervous about his upcoming flight .
1	Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened !	Jane learned that squirrels are fast .
1	One day Rita was asked to prom and her siblings were n't .	Rita accepted the offer and her siblings were very jealous .
1	He placed his writing materials on the table .	He wrote a story about baseball .
1	Timmy 's mom was making a cake .	It smelled really good while it was baking !
0	Looking around , John spotted his golf clubs .	John decided to play a sport .
1	And eventually , she got sick .	Clare decided to watch her diet more carefully .
1	Kyle was sure he did not need to wear a helmet when he rode his bike .	One day , he was riding his bike to a friend 's house .
1	We were unable to decide on just one and drove home feeling sad .	When we got home , we found a sweet little stray living in our garage .
0	Everyone at work who does smoke gets a break .	I do n't smoke .
0	Every day , he went to the school nurse and begged to go home .	Rob hated the second grade .
0	Finally a nice couple helped them to the destination .	They tried asking around for help but no one would help them .
1	She needed to get caught up .	She worked three jobs .
1	One day he went on a field trip to an animal center .	He saw the most beautiful cat there .
1	I went to the baseball game	My favorite pitcher was playing
1	All day he would hear banging from the apartment above .	One day the banging stopped .
1	Tara was eating ice cream by the beach .	All of a sudden , a seagull scooped her ice cream out of her hand .
0	Peanut is not hungry anymore .	Becky gave him a snack out of the fridge .
0	To her delight she had an A in every class .	Amy rushed home to get her report card from the mail .
1	Even though the doctors were fully warned about this .	They put my niece through a bad labor instead of doing a c section .
1	She decided to confront her about it .	When she confronted her about it , Madison defined everything .
1	I ran into a can of ravioli .	I heated the ravioli for 2-3 minutes before eating it .
0	They had just gotten back from her grandpa 's funeral .	Gina was at her grandma 's house .
0	She saw a rocking chair that she really wanted .	Monica was at an auction .
1	Andrew had a favorite band .	His favorite band was coming to town to play a concert in a few weeks .
0	His colleagues were shocked and appalled .	Nick pushed through his colleagues aggressively .
0	The name she pulled out is what they named the family 's new pet .	Missy put the names in a hat and selected one at random .
0	A radio station journalist asked him how he felt being homeless ?	By the time he was 41 , Charles was homeless in a shelter .
1	She went door to door selling her jewelry .	Susie quickly made enough to buy her skates .
0	Grace wanted to help both girls .	Her other daughter was selling candy bars .
0	At the end of the day , Ben took home the hamster and a few supplies .	He even persuaded Ben to purchase a hamster .
0	She trained hard .	She decided that she would climb a mountain .
1	She dared him to go inside it .	Ben was nervous , but he agreed .
1	She loved how it tasted .	Lucretia no longer thinks that lattes are pretentious .
1	Bob decided to get a second job to save up the money .	After a few months , he had enough money .
0	Her mother thought it was too expensive .	She asked her mother for money to buy some .
1	She cooked the fish and made the slaw .	They were delicious !
0	She got boys to buy her drinks .	Paris stole a fancy dress and went to a party .
0	I got up and walked around the yard to try and burn some energy .	I could n't sleep and was tossing and turning all night .
0	She suggested they dine and dash .	His date did n't care .
0	Christina had a horrific car accident and has extensive brain damage .	I knew when she would visit her folks by the sounds of her loud car .
1	They said that I was an extremely wise and a considerate patient .	I gave them a hug at the end of the day .
1	The girls were all very excited .	After a week none of them had a job yet .
1	He walked under his apple tree .	The branches were too high for him to reach .
1	Gina did n't know where the key was .	But she was n't about to tell her mother that .
1	This pain was different .	It took all of 17 hours for him to be born .
0	It turns out that he is a chef .	Jill lies to her new date and tells him that she is a great cook .
0	When she confronted her about it , Madison defined everything .	She decided to confront her about it .
0	It turns out he left them in the car .	He looked everywhere .
0	He said it was important they not tell people he was unemployed .	When there was silence , he very calmly informed them it was n't true .
0	Sam no longer enjoys going to work .	His boss also berated him for being such a square .
1	The bright moon reflected on the white sand causing it to seem like a day .	She could see everything easily .
0	They both found gambling in Las Vegas better than home .	In Las Vegas , they quickly learned the rules of the crap tables .
0	She had to find a new store .	She was devastated .
0	She confronted Tom to find out why .	Erica had no idea why she was n't invited .
0	I packed my backpack and realized my pencil was gone .	I had to go to school .
1	But by the time he gets on the plane he is exhausted .	He is so tired that he sleeps all the way through the flight .
0	He ended up winning by 12 points .	The teacher challenged the man to a one on one match of basketball .
1	Jeff has been trying to get a promotion at work .	He has been trying at this for a year now and is growing impatient .
1	This year he saves up his money for a big trip to Tulum , Mexico .	He packs his bags and boards the flight .
0	The teacher caught Mike cheating .	Mike looked at his friend 's answers .
1	Jack poured water into the pot .	After it started to boil , he placed several pieces of pasta into it .
0	It has n't rained since but I have n't wanted to risk it .	I turned around and went home instead .
1	Kelly decided to run a race with her friends .	At first she was doing well .
1	Joe practiced constantly , striving to be the best .	But when the races started that year , a girl named Lisa won the race .
1	While it printed , the paper jammed and ruined the essay .	Erin was forced to drive to the library in order to print .
1	Jody and her mom went to Sunday Brunch .	Jody ordered pancakes .
0	They had to reimburse him for the cost of his clothes .	Alan was angry and unhappy .
0	I saved my own life by acting quickly that afternoon .	As soon as I saw the fence , I ducked down .
1	Finally he decides to order Chinese food delivery .	He eats a delicious stir fry with rice .
0	He spent day after day with his wife and son , and could n't relax .	Sam came home from the war , and something was n't right .
0	The cat was angry , and scratched Timmy .	Suddenly , he grabbed the cat 's tail .
0	Whitey was sad to always lose her eggs .	Each day the farmer took Whitey 's egg from the nestbox .
1	My boyfriend asked me to go with him to the prom .	I bought a dress and high heels .
1	Soon after , John invited her along to his weekend plans .	Now Nicole is dating the man she crushed on .
0	The city council approved the plan and work began on the skate park !	They took 200 names to the mayor who had them go to the city council .
0	Hannah was devastated by his unexplained coldness .	However , he ignored her completely .
0	Amanda decided to surprise her friends with popcorn .	Things seemed boring and quiet .
1	He ended up getting towed .	In the end , he was on time to work and the man brought him a donut .
1	She got on her phone to invite some people .	Janet convinced 3 other people to come with her .
0	It landed in the bushes .	But then , she threw the stick a little too far .
1	I practiced and practiced until I got good at making jewelry .	I ordered supplies to set up an online jewelry shop .
0	He poured ketchup down the drain .	Sam was pouring things down the drain .
1	One day I was shopping .	I set my purse down for just one minute .
1	Last week , George spoiled what happens accidentally .	John was furious .
0	She searched through many stores , but every alarm she slept through .	She tried every alarm on her phone , but none seemed to wake her .
1	Since he saw no one coming , he rolled through it .	An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim .
0	He began learning how smart people think and act .	He read many books and talked with wise people .
1	She oversaw the build of a huge underwater net .	The net helped keep whales off the beach , saving their lives .
0	They got in their car and drove to Dairy Queen .	Bob wanted to take his daughter out for ice cream .
0	They had a lot to eat .	Her boyfriend had done the same .
1	As a child I got lost in the forest behind my house one night .	It was really cold , and I had forgotten my gloves .
1	A fire was quickly born that consumed the tiny building .	If it were not checked it would consume the entire castle .
1	He decided to have some marshmallows for a snack .	Suddenly a bear came crashing out of the woods !
0	When they got off of the boat , villagers immediately surrounded them .	They took a boat to see a village nestled at the base of a volcano .
1	However when I looked for the buns I found something .	The buns were moldy and green .
0	A rock had gotten stuck inside .	Smoke poured from it .
0	It took me twenty minutes .	I did a survey on Mechanical Turk for five cents .
1	So he always slept with the lights on .	One night , there was a power outage in his neighborhood .
0	Jane 's bank put the money back in .	She noticed fraudulent charges on it .
1	Then it came time to harvest the corn .	Eva really enjoyed eating her home grown corn !
0	Jordan signed the lease for the new apartment .	He found one that he really liked !
1	Jane liked this part of the routine the best .	She got ready to get down on all fours .
1	Anna liked the spotted one , but he was already adopted .	She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels .
0	He bought one for every color of the rainbow .	Brian was amazed by the variety of colors .
1	So he went to the store to buy some weights .	He immediately began a daily workout regimen with the weights .
1	I used to go on chat rooms .	I was just a kid and I the internet was new .
0	He did not appreciate the class .	He was required to take a poetry class .
1	I spent most of the trip in bed .	I learned to take better care of myself next time .
1	He began to dig all day .	At the end of the day , he just found an anchor .
1	Before I was about to leave , she was about to run into a glass window .	I immediately ran after her to redirect her .
0	She sang very well at her audition .	Stacy decided to try out for the choir in the play .
0	Her mother found the candy in the vomit .	He walked into the living room and vomited .
1	The swings were all gone .	Brie was upset the rest of the day .
1	Wyatt and his friends were in class .	A girl across from them was acting sort of spastic .
0	Andy bought both tickets online ahead of time to save time in line .	Chuck and Andy had plans to see a movie together .
0	It had n't rained for days .	They were expensive and he was excited .
1	I pulled over to the shoulder and the wasp flew out .	I was lucky I was n't in an accident due to that awful insect .
0	He met the performer after the show and confessed his admiration .	Their gorgeous look inspired Samson to want to look like that too !
1	Finally she saw one she liked .	But then she saw it actually had a flaw .
1	But it had its own unique culture and history .	Neil was glad he had made time to see Qatar .
1	Jared started hanging out with the wrong crowd lately .	He started smoking cigarettes because he was pressured to do it .
1	He could not afford to purchase another boat .	Ian was sad that he could no longer island hop .
1	Nobody was able to get the coin from him .	Charlie laughed and the boys went to get ice cream .
0	The sun did n't shine where she lived .	She wanted a tan .
0	She wrote it down on a list so they would n't forget .	Tara made plans on going to the store for some .
0	After work , Moby was surprised how influential positivity was .	We finished the patio , and mulch in one day !
0	A nice lady came and took the stinger out of my butt .	I began to cry because my friend was laughing at me .
1	He did n't make enough money at his job to buy it outright .	Mike started paying for it on an installment plan .
1	So she got up and came right back down fast .	She fainted and was found by a neighbor .
1	When she opened it it was a sweater .	The sweater was ugly .
0	Her costume made her feel beautiful and dramatic .	It was a great way meet people and show her school spirit .
1	He felt like a big kid himself as he sledded with his young sons .	It was a great way to feel young again .
0	Not only did she see many fish , but she came across several plants .	As soon as she was submerged in the water , she was fascinated .
0	He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true .	Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day .
1	He had saved for months to buy it , and both of them were proud of it .	But one day Marly took it off briefly , and lost track of it after .
0	He decided to give people flying lessons for money .	However he could not afford the payments on it .
1	Eventually he entered a bowling league contest .	He did so well , he won second prize !
0	Amy took his advice and practiced .	He told her that she should practice every day .
1	It took them two hours to figure out the right path back out .	The sun set and it got dark before they finished their hike .
0	She could not grasp different math concepts .	Mary hated math when she was younger .
0	The drive there was simple and quick .	After thinking about different books , I decided on store and left .
1	Samantha had heard about a meteor shower that night .	She wanted to watch it with her boyfriend .
0	When she went to retrieve her backpack it felt lighter .	One day she left the walkman in her backpack on the school bus .
0	Marsha cooked her husband an extra special meal that evening .	He said he was man enough to wear it indoors .
1	Sam was online .	All of a sudden the internet went down .
0	In the end Rodney got to go on a wonderful date with his girlfriend .	Rodney ended up working extra hard that day so he did n't have to stay .
0	He was so upset he dropped out of school and did n't graduate .	Duke 's coaches found out and had to kick him off of the team .
0	Finally she graduated .	She studied very hard at school .
1	Unexpectedly she bumped into someone .	That person was a famous actor , and they both apologized .
0	I got the job !	I went to the school and filled out an application .
0	She could barely muster the energy to walk outside to check the mail .	Martha 's depression was reaching a fever pitch .
0	Anne was nervous about performing .	She was supposed to perform a piece in an upcoming piano recital .
1	One of my favorite spots to chill at was the quad .	The quad was amazing because it was so peaceful .
0	I hated captcha codes .	I used to work on Mechanical Turk
0	Mindy now hand washes and air dries the family 's clothes .	The dryer apparently caught fire and they were n't there to stop it .
0	Then , he put it in the microwave .	He put ham and cheese on a muffin .
0	He was a messy guy so naturally , gross smells built up .	Justin 's apartment reeked .
1	I went to my backyard to ride on the swings .	After several minutes , a bee flew in my direction .
0	He could never get his substitute students to quiet down .	He hated his job .
1	He drove his tractor into a fence .	The tractor smashed through the fence and kept going .
0	Finally I went inside in the evening and she was relieved .	She became concerned that I was lost .
1	I read in a magazine that black coffee is very healthy for you .	It also has lots of caffeine in it so it helps me get through my job .
0	Her owner filled the food dish .	The puppy barked and whined to get her owner 's attention .
0	The revved their engines and tore down the raceway .	They enjoyed going head to head and were next up to race .
1	Since he was shy , only a few customers bought them .	The children were complaining about not selling enough candy .
0	We had them filet it and prepare it for us .	Even though I was only seven years old , I caught a huge flounder .
1	He decided to buy a notepad .	Now , Harry was much better at remembering things .
0	She fainted and was found by a neighbor .	So she got up and came right back down fast .
1	Sandra was a much bigger girl and took no prisoners .	Sandy cowered in fear because no one ever stood up to her .
1	He got all his baseball gear ready .	He put on his baseball uniform and fitted his mitt .
0	Then his tool beeped very loudly .	He had found lots of pop caps and nickels .
0	A month after my 15th birthday , by sister was born .	When I was 14 my parents got pregnant .
1	I took up gymnastics as a young girl .	I was learning how to do the balance beam .
1	Winter had just started , so he had a good idea .	He told his neighbors he would shovel for them .
0	He bounced on his ball every day , from morning until night .	The ball had a handle that he could hold on to while he bounced .
1	Steve and Cheryl found they had many things in common .	They began to frequently go on dates and fell in love over time .
0	So much time passed , that it was finally lunch time .	He started daydreaming about the food he would eat later .
1	Mark became a coach at a high school .	Mark gets to teach kids sports and games .
0	He wrote down the names of the bands to remember them .	Bob loved all the great new music !
0	The machine began running smoothly and quietly .	Frank spread the wet clothes evenly in the machine .
1	Sarah was known for being an outstanding softball player .	She practiced for several hours a day to improve her skills .
0	But he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything !	It was her birthday and he wanted to show his appreciation .
1	It fell on his arm .	He was extremely burnt and could n't stay still .
1	We decided to date and get to know one another .	One day , I told him my favorite president was Teddy Roosevelt .
0	So Ray said he would wait for her .	Tina said she would only buy a few dresses .
0	He was stuck in traffic .	Tom was running late to his doctor 's appointment .
0	We had trouble lifting them on moving day , but we managed .	She bought boxes that were too large .
1	In their second session , Karen asked what is she paying for ?	Her psychiatrist told her she was neurotic and needed to be stopped .
0	Unfortunately she never got any call backs from her auditions .	Lucy wanted to follow in his footsteps .
1	Katie was getting mad at her boyfriend Tom .	They had been together for five years and no engagement .
1	I filled up the bird feeder in the yard .	Many birds flew toward it to get some seeds .
1	We went to houses and asked for candy .	When we were done , we went back to my house .
0	Annie 's cough was gone in a few days .	He prescribed her some medicine .
1	Finley , the dog , jumped up barking .	He ran straight to the door .
0	A waiter walked over and took their order .	Hillary and her husband went to a restaurant by the sea .
1	Jane was sitting on a bench at the park .	A bird came by .
1	Ally and Jake were siblings .	They loved to play videogames together .
1	However they had other plans .	They decided to bail on their other plans .
1	Rachel and Timmy wanted to do something on a Sunday .	Rachel suggested that they go to the zoo .
0	He simply spent all night eating food .	Although no one knew him and felt awkward , he tried to be nice .
0	He lived in a nice loft downtown .	John was a very wealthy man .
1	She is so happy because she never thought she 's find love .	She has all these plans to have kids with her husband .
1	His friend Nena also lacked a date .	Nick suggested they go together .
1	The family was having an outside picnic .	Before we had an opportunity to eat , a thunderstorm broke out .
0	He keep trying and finally beat the game .	He died over and over again and almost gave up .
0	The books were scattered about her room and in random order .	Samantha had a shelf full of books in her bedroom .
0	One man asked for french fries that were extra crispy .	Ed the waiter took an order from a table .
0	She selected 12 donuts .	Jill 's mom sent her into the donut shop to buy a dozen .
1	My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these .	Not surprisingly , no one ever showed up .
1	David and his friends went to the lake .	They loaded their jetskis into the water .
0	So when it was his turn , he picked an adventure film .	Bobby hated that his five sisters always picked girlie movies .
1	His mother got sick and had to move in with the couple .	Angela worked full time outside of the home .
1	Jeff was at a sandwich shop and called his friend Ike .	Jeff asked Ike if he wanted anything .
0	After walking for over a mile , something happened .	She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk .
1	I got out of my car and threw the keys on the ground .	I walked from the car and did n't look back .
1	He got a beautiful one with big sails .	It 's big enough to live in .
1	They were relieved to be inside .	Her little sister ran to the first floor bathroom .
0	She started following a scent .	I took my dog on a walk this morning .
0	The play got a good review in the student paper .	The students were very nervous , but did their best .
0	Her boss noticed her and immediately got out of his seat .	She turned her assignments in and left at five .
0	In the corner there was a famous couple having an argument .	Her sister took her to a popular restaurant for dinner .
1	Her mom came to comfort her .	Emily had had a nightmare .
0	They ended up throwing their belongings on the stage .	The audience started to complain about the performance .
1	She also put a walking path .	Sally was proud of her creation .
0	But he needed to finish his homework .	Ian was exhausted after soccer practice .
1	Rex was our family dog .	The entire family love playing with Rex .
1	When I got some I realized my tongue was hurting .	I ate too much .
1	One day while walking home from school he saw a boy scout poster .	He asked his parents if he could join .
0	He never got the courage to give her any .	Kevin wrote his crush love letters often .
1	But he saw a small puppy by itself .	He decided to carry it .
1	He thought he would never be able to play it .	He practiced hard .
0	She was putting up each ornament , when she found one broken .	Casey was decorating her Christmas tree .
0	Lisa left school having one of the best days of her life .	She arrived and everyone made her feel welcome .
0	After about an hour , Terry was finally ready to go home and sleep .	Terry strutted like a happy puppy and he was very easy to control .
1	I was eating some pie when a piece fell onto my shirt .	The pie caused my shirt to have a big , blue stain .
1	It was a close race until the other drive rear-ended a parked car .	Really my grandmother should have known not to race me like that .
1	We decided to go out for dinner .	After a nice meal we realized neither had money .
0	On the ceiling , she noticed several dozen baby spiders .	She was in her room alone .
1	I got two big balloons and a birthday card .	I had the items delivered to her house .
0	After coming out of work , I drove quickly to see her .	My wife is threatening me to come to her or else she will leave .
1	The bowl dropped on her toe .	Kelly had to stop .
0	Gina was secretly hopeful this was the day they were going back home .	And today he had finally come back .
1	I decided to take a picture for my facebook profile .	I put on some clothes and took a picture of myself .
1	Her digital tuner kept telling her it was wrong .	She tried different adjustments .
0	There needs to be a better solution .	They are cut down to make chopsticks .
1	After a few months , Tom was the only one taking care of it .	He trained it and cared for it all by himself .
1	He began yelling about how long his food was taking .	Jane did n't know how to react .
0	By the time it was over , everyone clapped .	They watched it .
1	His stomach was upset .	He ran to the bathroom .
1	One day Sam met Sara and they both fell in love .	Sara helped Sam come out of his shell .
1	He was stranded on the beach .	He was still alive .
1	She had n't practiced it enough though .	Ariel smashed her head on the stage and died .
0	He started whining .	He wanted dinner .
1	Ava had always wanted to ride a horse .	Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday .
0	He decided to order socks online .	He was a very frugal man .
0	Each level of it had unique artifacts and exhibits .	We walked around the unique shaped building .
1	Kids in school always made fun of his name .	When Aiden was an adult he went to court petitioned for a new name .
0	All the guests then had to leave .	However her power went out .
0	Jake 's mom filled the tub part way with warm water .	Jake 's mom gathered the baby wash , baby shampoo and a towel .
0	She had been looking for it all over the neighborhood .	Monica lost her cat last week .
1	He agreed to the bet .	Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer .
0	Ever since , Johnny has been the first to offer new people assistance .	Johnny quickly understood that everyone at the gym was there to help .
0	Hannah remembered how long they were gone and went for them .	They were in the ocean , swimming for several hours .
1	Gina would have to fend for herself .	She made a peanut butter sandwich and ate it with a handful of chips .
0	They were able to get it back for her !	Her mom and dad talked to an employee .
0	His boss was ok with it and Ben got to stay home .	He told his boss that he was n't feeling well .
0	I replied that he never bought their products to begin with .	He posted about it on Facebook .
1	He forgot to add butter to the pan .	Tom 's grilled cheese stuck to the pan .
0	She liked it alot .	She watched the first episode .
1	Gina and her friend Tami were discussing the new boy in their class .	The were jealous he had gotten a brand new desk .
0	She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment .	Immediately , Sarah ran out of the wood lot .
0	He loved all his stops , but Sophia was his favorite .	He was enjoying a trip backpacking through Europe .
1	When my father died my mother and I had to go to the hospital .	We were hysterical and my aunt hoped they could sedate us .
1	He was very hungry because he did not eat lunch that day .	He decided to make himself a snack .
0	One day my brother and I were climbing a structure .	We played in a run down playground on Tyler Street .
1	Helen always overslept in the mornings before school .	She would try to wake at six but sleep until eight every day !
0	It looked good and he was thankful that they had begun talking again .	He saw that they met each other and began talking .
0	He started acting silly to try to get a reaction from the ape .	He saw many great apes .
0	I ran back in sneezing like a crazy person .	Within seconds I was covered in pollen .
1	Ching Ming is a Chinese ceremony honoring the dead .	The store was out of paper money .
1	Day and night for years .	He entered into a race with 500 entrants .
1	Javier has always been afraid of riding the subway in New York City .	His friends tease him for always walking or riding the bus .
1	He hung the frame in his house .	Then he noticed something strange .
0	She stayed in Madrid for a few days before heading out to explore .	As soon as she could afford it she booked her ticket to Madrid .
0	So he carefully planned out everything he did .	Ron was a perfectionist .
1	Finally , he got the hang of it .	It 's amazing how much he improved in one day .
0	He 'll be at work and then all of a sudden he 'll need to sit down .	Tony has been feeling really tired and dizzy lately .
0	My girlfriend prefers a warm apartment .	I like a cool apartment .
1	Jen 's cookie had two fortunes inside .	Jen shared a fortune with Ben .
0	However , Quentin is happy to be done with taxes for another year .	It is even more boring and painful than he had expected !
1	The next morning I realized he still was n't back .	My mom and I never really talked about it after that .
1	Most cases she tried , did not fit .	It took weeks to find one .
1	Daisy was at her middle school graduation .	Her teacher was handing out superlative awards for everyone .
1	I was too small to ride the big horses .	I rode a pony named Dash .
1	John was a student at an elementary school .	John found out about an upcoming field trip .
0	Kelly new better next time .	Thankfully he only gave her a warning .
0	She was almost onto the main street .	Gina had finally gained traction on the icy hill .
0	Sometimes , it kept Tom up at night .	Any visitor he had would ask about the clock .
0	Then the ball rolled back and settled in the middle of the two hills .	The ball kept rolling until it went halfway up the other hill nearby .
1	Finally he found a way to please both himself and his dad .	Brad enlisted - as a Navy researcher !
1	The thing was full of water and mashed rice .	She yelled at John until he came and cleaned it up .
1	Well that 's all that she planned to shoot .	Her hand slipped when she was shooting cause the arrow to fly wild .
1	He asked his friend for advice .	His friend recommended to lay in bed the same hours every night .
1	But he noticed that he was the only alone .	He began to feel sad .
1	Together , they chopped it down .	Finally , they paid for the tree and went home .
1	He was very nervous backstage , reviewing his prepared jokes .	Once he got out on stage , he flourished .
0	I caught him after a chase .	He ran away from me , because he did not want to get wet .
1	They started to plan their wedding .	Kelsey did not know who to pick for her maid of honor .
1	He got to work 15 minutes late because of this .	His boss told him to never let it happen again .
0	She sent fliers around to her family and friends .	May wanted to start a book club .
0	She joined a relief organization and helped rebuild homes .	Then Ky decided she could volunteer her time .
0	He barely made it to class on time .	Tim rushed out the door without breakfast .
1	When it came , it was even better than she expected .	It was the best present she could ever have asked for .
1	Tim tried it .	Tim thought it was great and never hated jello again .
0	The kids were accused of throwing rocks from the roof of a building .	She wanted to know what they had done .
0	In the bathroom she took off her jacket and left it on a chair .	Amy carried her cell phone in her jacket pocket .
0	Suddenly , a car hit his back wheel .	Justin was riding a motorcycle .
1	Work was incredibly slow for a Friday .	My colleagues and I looked around for something to do .
0	Em was torn : it sounded fun , but should she miss church ?	Her friend told her there was a great club that met on Sunday morning .
0	Her mom took her to the mall where they waited in line .	Alix was 4 and she was meeting Santa for the first time .
1	Billy was walking home from school .	On the way , he twisted his ankle .
1	James signed up and ate one hundred wings .	He won a gift certificate for a free twenty piece hot wings .
1	Tina got a new job as a cook at a new restaurant .	She was very excited .
0	She looked up and down the street frantically .	Maribel checked outside for the fifth time .
0	Her parents bought her six baby ducks .	She learned about how to care and feed ducks .
1	It was her first day at a new school	She did n't know anyone
1	Amy was driving to work listening to the radio .	A song came on that was once a favorite that she grew tired of .
0	She did n't know how to change a flat tire .	Sam got a flat tire while going to work .
1	The day of the robbery I got sick and away from the currency exchange .	I changed my mind because I could not rob anything or anyone .
1	It wanted to charge him five dollars per transaction .	He decided to go to a store instead .
0	He approached the cat .	He heard a small cat making a sound .
0	I began to brush my teeth .	I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste .
1	Thomas went deep sea fishing with his friends .	He went all day and had n't caught anything .
1	Sean objected loudly , because he did not want to wait .	Mom threatened to ground him for a month .
0	Luckily another hiker comes by and helps him get to the doctor safely .	On the hike , Jerry falls and twists his ankle .
1	Her parents like learning toys .	He bought her a big play map of the world .
1	To his surprise , the dentist was very nice !	She calmed all of Roy 's fears !
0	On the trip , they had a great time and created amazing memories .	Her friends agreed and they left a week later .
1	I did not want to be late for work .	Unfortunately I was a half hour late .
1	Arnold really liked to watch television .	His wife bought him a stationary bike and put it in the bedroom .
1	When I had found out I was pregnant , I was so thrilled .	Every doctor appointment and heartbeat was cherished .
0	I asked my friend if she can bring the scissors .	I was doing arts and crafts in my Spanish class .
0	When we came out of the restaurant I saw that I got a parking ticket .	We drove to Captain George 's for dinner .
0	Today he saw a coyote on the trail .	He looks for pretty birds .
1	I was scared to death and did n't know what to think .	The funeral was even worse , because it was so final .
0	Because of the snow day , kids cheered .	As a result the schools were closed .
0	He was really thankful that he had bought the warranty .	After a while , he got an estimate for how much it would cost .
0	To her delight it tasted good .	She therefore decided to buy chicken sausage .
0	He got in his rental and noticed right away something different .	He was unfamiliar with driving on the left side of the road .
0	First , he set the kettle on to boil .	Arthur decided he wanted to make tea .
1	Soon the club 's president texted her .	He said Ro was welcome to join their club !
1	I opened the door and a bird swooped through .	The children screamed as the bird flew crazily from room to room .
0	Her husband confessed he had bought her fake diamonds !	She had been married for 10 years and thought the stones were real .
0	He had spent hours researching the most tasty combinations .	Sam was obsessed with different soda flavors .
1	One time she caught me peeking .	I was really embarrassed and ashamed .
0	Her teacher took her $ 400 cell phone from her .	She had to give her mom bad news .
1	Ben 's older sister ran away from home .	Ben 's parents spent months looking for her .
1	Once the dress was on , he knew the dress was the one .	Chad 's daughter loved the dress as well .
1	The two classes of children engaged in a game of Tug of War .	The rope was pulled tightly between the two teams .
0	It worked wonders .	Thankfully she picked up a cheap one .
1	She looked inside and outside the house .	She noticed her toddler had been unusually quiet .
0	She picked them up and made a bouquet .	A month later , she saw flowers blooming .
1	He said it to my mom .	My mom fell in love with the bird !
1	It was amazing how well they were trained .	They were huge scary animals , but the trainers did a good job .
0	The doctor decided to issue a cat scan .	Lindsay went to the doctor for stomach pains .
1	He hated their attitude .	One day he went to an aquarium .
0	The eagle then attacked Donald .	This eagle represented America and was called Uncle Sam .
1	People were playing with fireworks outside .	My friends and I lit a firework that tipped over .
1	When they arrived at Girl Scouts , she found out Bo forgot it .	Nancy overheard Bo blaming her for forgetting the sheet .
1	My kids pick the movie .	My wife makes the popcorn .
0	Once they flipped over their cards , the gambler was declared the loser .	Jim did not feel threatened by the gambler and stayed in .
1	Anna won a pair of tickets for a cruise .	She invited her boyfriend , Zach , to join her .
0	He brought this to the attention of a supervisor .	At the factory Greg saw that two different parts had the same number .
0	Shay proposed to Scheana after two years of dating .	Scheana and Shay were highschool sweethearts .
1	My friends always asked me if I had a facebook account .	I realized that I needed to sign up .
1	He had a headache and felt nauseous .	He went to the doctor to get it checked out .
0	Erin decided she would rather try running to get into shape .	She also saw giant men throwing around huge dumbbells .
1	She started feeling contractions and called her husband .	He rushed over .
1	She worked really hard on the recipe .	Still , the cake came out weird .
0	One morning , she slept through her alarm .	Julie worked at a diner .
0	Ray was devastated and decided to stay with his parents .	She told him she was bored in their marriage and wanted a divorce .
0	I accused her , but she denied it .	Later , at lunch , I saw a girl wearing my coat !
0	Her boss was very kind and bought her some fries for lunch	After rushing , she did make it to work on time
0	The dealer says that Sam must first pass a credit check .	He goes to the dealership and picks out a car he likes .
0	She has been depressed .	My sister in law lost her husband last year .
1	Nora 's rice was a little bland .	She decided to add some hot sauce .
0	I got outside and saw the bus had just driven away .	I quickly put on my coat and shoes and ran out the door .
0	The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time .	We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared .
1	One day i overslept and was late for work .	I was so upset that i did n't hear my alarm clock and that i was late .
1	He saw many great apes .	He started acting silly to try to get a reaction from the ape .
1	Some of these children are infants that are in diapers .	One family chooses to diaper their child in cloth diapers .
0	Then she drove back to her house .	Samantha picked out the noodles she wanted to used and bought them .
1	Val and her friend Kris followed her .	Ali froze when she saw Val .
0	She adored the way they set off her color .	Tory purchased the most perfect crystal earrings .
1	She could just not put the wax on right .	After hours of messing with it she ended up without eyebrows .
0	Her friend Rita lived there so Tina decided to invite herself .	Tina really wanted to go to New York City .
1	Kenny intervened , and made the children stop hurting the animal .	The children went on their way , and learned not to hurt animals .
1	She said it was the best thing she 'd ever tasted .	Lily was skeptical at first but trusted her sister .
1	She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament .	Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats .
1	One day after work , Lisa noticed a policeman writing him a ticket .	She smiled , because karma finally caught up to him .
0	Now Bernie plays blues songs and wallows in his self-pity daily .	One day he decided to learn the guitar .
0	One day she faced Jill .	She won every game .
0	They would see each other a few times a week .	Lisa met her friend Eric while running in the park .
0	But there was no handle on the spigot .	Gina needed to turn on the water hose .
1	He posted about it on Facebook .	I replied that he never bought their products to begin with .
1	He especially did n't think he 'd do it at a party .	But , at a party , he ate something that made his bowels move .
1	His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software .	And when Po used his computer next , the internet was working again .
1	Day after day , she would watch stock prices rise and fall .	After a few years , she did not notice anything change .
0	Chris missed the time when smart phones did n't exist .	He always ended up getting his phone frozen .
1	Rob accused Billy of cheating him of a vintage card .	Billy got upset and decided to call the whole thing off .
0	And when Po used his computer next , the internet was working again .	His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software .
0	Jake replaced the batteries to make it stop .	The sound was annoying .
0	After a couple hours , they were done .	But his dad said everyone had to pitch in .
0	The prize was a free inflatable party rental .	Amber was in a basketball challenge .
0	She finally joined a group with similar challenges .	She adapted physically to her new life but socially was n't as easy .
1	Thanksgiving is usually ok .	However , this was a different thanksgiving .
0	He set it to medium .	Jerry was making toast .
0	Tim was terrified !	Suddenly his car sputtered and died .
1	They overcharge for everything .	Food and the tickets are overpriced .
1	She was excited for the trip and looked forward to browsing the shops .	While walking around , she wandered away from her mother .
1	Gina paid for her treats and they left the store .	When they got a block away Ruth pulled cookies from her shirt .
0	After that he always took his time when buying shoes .	After a week his feet were killing him .
1	At the party , there was beer .	All the kids were underage .
0	He was happily working until he was introduced to a new hire .	Kyle worked at his store for a while and was waiting for a promotion .
0	Then she fed it by hand every day .	Ava took it inside and made it a home .
0	Alex got to ride home in his new seat .	His mom installed it right away .
0	One day , Lisa 's friends decided to plan a potluck .	No one questioned her , because she worked at a food magazine .
1	But when he took a train there , he saw he had been wrong .	Sweden was so different .
0	But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .	May was a little hurt when Sadie told her to stop butting in .
0	She chose one .	Then , she looked through pattern books .
1	He raked the leaves .	He put the leaves in bags and cleared his lawn .
0	Last week her teacher cancelled lessons forever .	Benisha likes the flute , but hates to practice .
1	His friends all invited him to go stag with them instead .	Jose had a great time at the prom with his friends .
1	He felt immediately better after eating .	Jake was able to continue working after his snack .
1	Matt had three turtles that he took care of every day .	He once decided to try and race the turtles , to see which was fastest .
0	He takes aim and releases an arrow at the buck .	While out , he spots a nice buck 20 yards away .
1	The bartender agreed with my friends .	So did the bouncer as he kicked me out .
1	Ryan tried to look for it everywhere .	Ryan asked Heather did she take it and Heather denied taking it .
1	Tim had bad luck with basketball .	He never could get control of a bouncing ball .
0	The winds carried him further than he expected .	Conrad rented a hot air balloon for the afternoon .
0	She decided to go to the bar early with her friends .	Lucy just turned 21 , and it was her first St Patrick 's Day !
0	She gave a mite to the beggar on the street .	One day a poor widow came to town .
1	Tina was taking a shower .	But suddenly , the hot water turned off .
1	Anna decided to dig for buried treasure on the beach .	She took her metal detector and set out along the shore .
0	She was excited when she was told truffles were on the menu .	Sally liked truffles a lot .
0	His mother tells him he will soon grow very tall like his dad .	Cade is short , and gets picked on at school .
1	They could n't decide on what to choose .	So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks .
0	Tom never went fishing with his friends again .	It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned .
0	My daughter wanted to buy a pizza .	We all went to the store .
1	Samantha 's dad took her to the park .	He was going to teach her to ride her bike .
0	Her cat walked up to her foot .	Mary was watching a movie .
1	She was initially nervous .	Jan bought a new suit to ease her nerves .
1	He now runs at least three times per week .	He maintains a low bodyfat percentage and good health .
0	But , he saw a fellow racer had crashed of course .	Just a little more and gold would be his .
1	Gina was on a road trip with her family .	She had been trying unsuccessfully to fall asleep for 2 hours .
1	He decided to stop following the trail .	Andy got lost in the forest .
1	She picked up a silly hat and had an idea for a joke .	She bought the hat to do the joke and went home .
1	There was a giant parade for the New Years .	Sam witnessed a poor man begging on the streets .
0	He went home and then proceeded to go back to the deli .	On the way there he forgot his money .
0	It was then that I walked home with the groceries .	I bought the bread and I bought milk as well .
0	When he was done , they paid him and he went home .	The son met him and they went through a lesson .
1	At the party he tries many cheeses , including some stinky cheese .	Although he had never tried stinky cheese before , he enjoyed it .
0	She watched as her old friends walked out of the school together .	Gina sat on her school bus in a window seat .
1	Janice could not decide between mint and strawberry flavors .	She ended up buying both .
1	It was Carl 's first day of middle school .	And after every class , he got more and more books to carry .
1	When she got to school she could n't find her report .	She ended up failing her History class .
1	Yolanda quickly ran away from Cassandra .	Cassandra chased after Yolanda across an open field of grass .
0	She entered her poems into contests , but never won .	Mel loved writing poetry and wanted to be published .
1	Then , she waited for them to cook .	Unfortunately , the cookies did n't rise properly and were n't as yummy .
1	The colors were beautiful .	We always have fun on that holiday .
0	One night at bedtime , he announced he was going to read to her .	His mom was amazed at how much he was learning so fast .
0	My sister convinced me to see a doctor .	I could n't leave my own house .
1	Steve went to church every sunday .	Steve started having doubts about his religion .
0	We purchased spinach , broccoli , and yams .	There was an abundance of freshly harvested vegetables .
0	I decided to go kayaking .	I was bored .
1	He picked it up to see if anything was in there .	The envelope contained three thousand dollars .
1	He went online and researched how best to fix the bike up .	He purchased what he needed and spent many hours working on it .
1	Dave loved to sail .	One day he decided to sail his boat far away .
0	As they approached Mark gladly handed the ticket to the worker .	When they arrived at the stadium he was in awe of it 's size .
0	It was caused by his addiction to chocolate .	Joe had a weight problem .
0	He has her running personal errands for him all day , every day .	Until she meets her new boss .
0	Her brothers continued to yell and play wrestle with each other .	She turned up the television to drown out the background noise .
0	The candidates are vying for their votes through advertisements .	Many young Americans are choosing to vote for the first time .
0	Afterwards , he drove to Starbucks to buy a coffee .	Jerry cleaned up the mess with a towel .
0	So he asked his neighbors if that was ok .	He wanted to have friends over and play football on the weekends .
0	He decided to only wear minimalist footwear .	He decided to enhance his training methods .
1	Jimmy searched online for a new laptop .	He found a deal through eBay .
0	He worked out everyday for an hour .	He wanted to lose the weight .
1	She had n't anticipated the weather to being cool .	She ended up having to sit inside the bus .
1	The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on .	I was late picking up my son .
0	By the end of the night , the chair looked more like modern art .	Frustrated , Darron attempted to finish it without instructions .
0	The dealer provided Jane with a loan .	Jane found a perfect new car at the dealer .
0	The letter was an insurance paper .	She thought it might be a personal letter , but read it anyway .
0	After selecting a trail that was good , we set off !	Driving there , we decided to spend the day hiking .
1	Rachel decided to become a journalist .	She worked her way to the top for years .
1	Everything is great until two mob goons show up looking for David .	They leave when Jack 's shows them a picture of the real David Miller .
0	However , on his trip to India , he found that some food made him ill .	David always thought that he could eat anything .
0	Finally , the doll came back in perfect condition .	They had to wait a few weeks .
1	Madison was at the aquarium .	She wanted to get a souvenir for her friend .
1	Tony bought a new jacket .	When he went to school the kids said it was fake .
1	The cat meowed and meowed and was n't happy at all .	The vet examined the cat and gave it shots .
1	After they were graded , my sociology professor told us our grades .	I had been so afraid I had gotten an F .
1	He tried to mix other colors to make blue but to no avail .	To be artsy , the artist used yellow paint for the water .
1	He had limited time to do this , as he wanted happy customers .	Terry efficiently had them all ready for one visit to the post office .
1	But his mother made him take a class in Mexico .	When he stepped off the airplane , his contact was not there .
1	Ramona decided to take him to the vet .	The vet confirmed the dog was sick .
0	The doctor gives Chuck some medicine .	Chuck decides to go to the doctor .
0	But her client ends up reaching her goals .	Her client struggles initially .
1	I could n't find Cozy and was devastated .	My dad went out to search the block for Cozy .
0	Daryl never votes on anything they disagree with .	All his constituents thinks he 's the best politician ever .
0	When they rang the doorbell her parents looked at him quizzically .	Kelly was nervous to introduce her boyfriend to her parents .
0	Usually they would beat a whole game within the day of getting it .	Rex and his brother Drake bought a new video game to play .
0	They found that Tray had had a mild heart attack !	They doctors hurriedly examined him .
0	Her date thought she looked absolutely stunning .	Eloise dressed up in a pink dress and went as a fairy godmother .
0	One day his job held a meeting for all of its employees .	Jason loved toast and therefore worked at a company called Toast .
0	He ended up becoming great friends with his new trainee !	But as they worked , Omar realized they two were very alike .
0	Bob offered to help push the car out .	He saw some people trying to free a car stuck in the snow .
0	At her old school , she had been the only girl with glasses !	She worried that her classmates would mock her .
1	One of his coworkers was a great friend .	Felicity really liked him , but he did n't want to date her .
0	He sold it online for less than he paid for it .	He never used it .
0	His mom DID notice when half his glasses fell in his noodle soup !	When he got home , his mom did n't notice right away .
0	He was forced to go outside and get some exercise .	After 4 hours his mother made him turn the game off. ,
1	Tina hired a lawyer .	Tina sued her employer .
1	Several weeks passed without reply , and John grew despondent .	When the response finally arrived , Jon frantically tore it open .
1	She was talking to her friends about it and they knew of him .	They all told her that he was a sexist jerk .
1	The performance was in a theater in Boston .	She enjoyed the performance very much .
0	Then she saw that she was out of cream !	Ann woke up and made her coffee .
0	When I grew up , and had a family of my own , I bought a Suburban .	All 12 kids , the cake , presents , my parents , and a dog fit in the back .
1	He did n't land it right and hurt his ankle .	He could n't skate for the rest of the month .
1	Mary begged her mom for tickets to the concert that weekend .	Her mom agreed to buy the tickets if Mary could clean the whole house .
1	The cat quickly hunted down the bug .	It ate the bug and Jordan was able to relax again .
0	She started feeding him less treats and a healthier diet .	Nancy eventually realized the dog had to lose weight .
1	Ben had a grandpa who lived across the country and had never met him .	On his fifth birthday , his Mom told him he would meet his grandpa !
1	The window shattered in a great crash .	Pip jumped up from his desk with a shout .
0	When I attempted the first question , I spent one hour doing nothing .	I noticed that several of the questions were complicated .
1	Josh loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis .	His friend Ben was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey .
0	My sister started crying and told my mom I was calling her Names .	I called my sister Names , as in , `` Hey , Names , get out of my seat . ''
0	Angrily , he pounded on the floor with a broom handle .	He could barely hear his television .
1	I used to dance at a strip club .	Ever since I quit , I 've had nightmarish memories about it .
0	Her roommate asked her to turn it down .	Kate listened to loud music on her laptop .
1	He would draw them constantly .	His parents decided to bring him to a dragon festival in Chinatown .
0	Emma hurried to get dressed and eat .	She woke up 20 minutes later than usual .
0	They tried to fix the marriage but they could not .	They did not have a happy marriage .
1	Timmy got a check in the mail for his birthday .	He took it to the grocery store but they could n't cash it .
0	But her ankle height boots were no match for a foot of snow .	She trudged through trying to keep snow out of her boots .
0	Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking .	But still , he was soaking wet by the time he got there .
0	Ron decided driving would be easy enough .	But his parents were n't home .
1	I panicked and went back inside and called my power department .	Several professionals showed up later and fixed the power line issue .
1	He was excited to open them up after work .	His mother had sent him a brand new RC car .
0	And after every class , he got more and more books to carry .	It was Carl 's first day of middle school .
0	When it is all clean , she folds it and puts it away .	Freda brings her laundry to the laundromat to clean .
0	Max turned in a paper having written on it only the word this .	The essays were to be no more than five pages long .
1	Today our cat was curious .	She lay beside my wife until she was done with the massages .
1	On her first case , she became really anxious .	Yvette took effective medicine from a leading pharmaceutical company .
0	He wondered why these big animals were gone	He found a book about dinosaurs
0	He went with her .	Eventually a girl asked him to go instead of him asking her .
0	Larry decides to attend a local soccer match .	However , he realizes that watching sports might help him meet people .
1	I decided to just go and eat my favorite food .	A friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order .
0	He decided he needed to pay better attention to his pets .	Tyson was very sad .
0	The puppies were from the same litter .	When Joy was nine she and her best friend Beth both got puppies .
0	My friend has a recording of the sound they make under the water .	Humpback whales are huge !
0	He bought a ring a set up a beautiful date !	He decided to propose to her .
1	He told her to re edit the document .	Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .
0	Beth told Amy the one she had was better than the one she wanted .	She showed Beth the one she had instead .
1	Jim was watching tv and eating chocolate pudding .	He laughed at a scene in a movie and accidentally spilled pudding .
1	I was in the mood for a walk .	I walked to the local park .
0	He decided to clean the whole house to get rid of the smell .	He looked all over but could n't find the source .
1	There once was a house on Coconut Grove .	This house was of ill fame .
1	Alex was usually in the front of the line in class .	One day the teacher reversed the order .
0	We requested a plumber to remove the pipe in order to get it .	Before I can capture it , it fell inside the sinkhole .
1	They threw beads .	They wore costumes .
0	Her child wanted her to come outside and look at a kitten .	Her child came inside very excited .
1	Randall has been applying for jobs from home for months .	He is started to feel very cooped up in his apartment .
0	But minutes later , the party stopped .	At 3 AM , Cindy called the police to complain .
0	After a few drinks , he went out to the dance floor .	Tom went out to the club last night .
0	The bookshelf turned out really well and she actually had fun .	She followed the instructions as best as she could .
1	Stacy was taking a spelling test .	She was doing great .
0	Her mother agreed they should go out to eat to celebrate .	She asked her mom if they could go to her favorite restaurant .
1	She would wonder when he would walk into her life .	Then one day as she entered a supermarket , she saw a stunning man .
1	Lisa was sad because she could n't go to school .	Lisa decided to rest well at home so she could recover .
1	They have the best burritos and she goes there almost daily .	She was just told that the place was bought out by an Italian owner .
1	We drove 80 miles to get her , my husband held her on the drive back .	He kept asking what these black things were all over her .
1	He heard a strange noise coming from the basement	Jeb slowly opened the door
1	When Walter heard about Jesse 's business , he asked if he could join .	Walter and Jesse had great success working together .
0	His nephew said that was not possible .	Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski down the mountain .
1	They did n't have the money to get a two bedroom place .	Dina purchased a crib and made room for the baby in their room .
1	The four friends domesticated the mustangs .	The friends rode the horses from mexico to canada .
1	However he had never seen one .	So he went to a park .
0	So she watched her favorite movie .	She could afford to take a break .
0	Billy played in the snow all day .	His mom said there is no school .
1	He called his cake the Mean Green Worm Machine .	Nancy , from a spice company , looked over the cakes .
0	His trainer made him work harder than he ever had before .	He decided to pay for a private trainer to help improve his speed .
1	Chris wanted to visit the zoo .	Chris told his friend how he had never been to the zoo before .
0	He did not sleep that night .	He spent all night working on all of that homework .
0	But he was too lazy .	Tim needed to take the trash out .
0	I decided to take him to a psychologist .	He confessed that he was addicted to drugs .
0	Looking at an app on her phone , she compare hotel prices .	She was getting ready to stop for the night and needed a hotel .
0	There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open .	He forgot most restaurants closed today .
1	The Miller family bought a new house .	The moving truck pulled up with all their old stuff .
0	He slinked through the dark corridors as silently as a shadow .	He was here to assassinate the Earl of Abingdon .
0	They do n't return to the beach house ever again .	The Huertas will never think of Christmas the same again .
1	She watched the drawings on TV that night , excited .	The large jackpot was a million , and she did n't get it .
1	When we were alone waiting in the car for her mom , Ann made a comment .	She said she sure hoped I did n't want to kiss her .
1	She was good at cutting hair .	She decided to ask the salon if they were hiring .
0	Now , she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times .	Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots .
0	The only problem was that she seemed scared of me .	I loved the cat .
0	He had an idea to give her some worry beads to play with .	It drove the boy who sat next to her crazy .
1	When prom day came the dress did n't fit .	She had nothing to wear so she could n't go to prom .
0	As Kim cleaned the string she found it stained walls with flat paint .	Kim 's sister was upset there was silly string all over the walls .
0	I bought myself a diesel Volkswagen Golf .	I needed a new car and knew I would buy a Volkswagen .
1	After rinsing his car , Jimmy noticed lots of little scratches .	Dirt particles from the cloth had rubbed against his car 's paint job .
1	She was n't sure she liked the idea of eating raw fish .	Her friend Ann took her to a sushi restaurant .
1	Amy herself spoke softly .	She was upset the coworker could be heard on her calls by her callers .
0	The scent was salted caramel .	Every relative got the same gift .
1	After sipping it again , salt was thrown into balance the flavor .	Samantha took one last taste and decided that it was ready .
0	So far I 've been really accurate .	I 'm not a fan but still predict who 's going to win .
0	We drove in our car .	One day my cousin and I bought takeout for our families .
0	For many weeks after , Betty did not ask to go out to eat .	Betty ordered something that was too spicy for her .
1	Later that day , several people at the picnic felt ill .	Mary said her co-worker 's potato salad must have spoiled .
0	The assistant let him watch TV while it happened .	Ethan went to the dentist to have his tooth pulled .
1	My wife got a raise at her job .	On very proud of her because I know how hard she has worked .
0	Yesterday , on his birthday , his parents bought him a car .	Noah had been saving for a car for two Year 's .
1	She read the script and saw a part that she wanted to play .	For the next two months she practiced all the lines .
1	He told me that there are no second thoughts .	He ended up being fired once the principal found out .
0	The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal .	Dan and his dad went to the forest to go hunting .
0	His mother warned him not to ever sin .	John had a strong fear of the devil .
0	They called the fire department , and a truck came with a big ladder .	He cried and cried until someone noticed him way up there .
0	They hit it off , and it turned out they worked in adjacent buildings .	On his first day in New York City , he met an attractive man .
1	carol loved to go fishing with her grandfather	One day when they were fishing carol fell in the lake
0	Tegan searched and searched for her .	As soon as they entered the park the youngest girl ran away .
0	He moved to Florida but missed cooking for the fire fighters .	James was a fire chief who wanted to retire to Florida .
0	She made a cheap dish with macaroni to avoid spending extra .	Sue was supposed to bring a dish to a potluck supper .
0	Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together .	Finally he finds a venue on the other side of town that is perfect .
0	Bay won first prize in the pie eating contest !	Then she found one last burst of strength and speed .
0	He sadly considered them fake shoes .	On his birthday his mother bought his store brand shoes .
1	She finished just in time to watch the show .	But , Mandy fell asleep during the show .
0	On the side of her belly , there was a large mole .	Everyone in the class could n't stop looking at her .
0	Mick followed the instructions , and looked proudly at his work .	He showed him how to do it properly .
1	One day , Arnold had a bad ache in his tooth .	The dentist had to pull three of his teeth because they were rotten .
0	She tried many times but it would n't work .	She wanted to get the toy .
0	Finally , when it was time for her solo , Rosie was trembling in fear !	But Rosie was getting increasingly nervous as the concert went on .
0	She tried to drive up a small hill and got stuck .	Kim left work after dark to find the street had frozen over .
0	However , there was an alligator in my bed .	I went to make my bed .
1	Yesterday was a long day .	I was out doing errands for hours .
1	Eventually his neighbors complained about the noise .	Sam had to go elsewhere to practice but kept doing so .
1	We were supposed to be working on our science fair project .	I guess I 'll have to do it by myself .
1	Jake loved jumping everywhere .	He would jump between any gap .
0	Soon her cart was full .	Inside , she walked around looking for gifts .
0	She felt inspired to create many cross-platform applications .	Emily downloaded and installed Lazarus on to her computers .
1	Tina really wanted to go to New York City .	Her friend Rita lived there so Tina decided to invite herself .
0	However , she declined since she wanted to focus more on her career .	She immediately froze and was speechless since this happened .
1	The whole family was in a somber mood .	Gina 's brother Jay had moved out of state .
0	His family told him that he would be a naturally good teacher .	Riley had always loved to teach and tutor other people .
1	Unfortunately , the store was all out of tuna .	Frustrated , Juliet bought two frozen pizzas instead .
1	They were very excited and prepared for the baby in every way .	Sheila 's belly was growing at a rapid rate .
0	She accepted a job at NASA .	Marie spent the next decade studying hard .
1	A woman inside was overdosing on drugs .	A paramedic at the scene revived the woman and shipped her off .
0	The ball plopped right into it .	He lifted the glove he 'd brought with him .
1	But one year he told his mom his hate for them .	She promised to never get another one but his dad did n't know this .
1	When they 're gone she uses a hose to get dirt off her porch .	After she is complete , Sarah feels happy .
0	Jack played his new video game all afternoon !	He paid for it at the register and rushed home .
0	She searched the internet for the best way to fix it .	Deborah 's computer continuously slowed down .
1	I went to the store and bought ingredients .	I brought them home and got a recipe .
0	He tried to get back in the arena , but the doors were locked .	He checked his phone and saw the game was going into overtime .
0	He wanted to find a date to his prom .	Ted was shy around girls .
0	He had left Spain on a high speed train .	Neil was on his way to Italy .
0	Unfortunately the baby would not turn around .	She was rushed to the hospital .
1	She followed the instructions as best as she could .	The bookshelf turned out really well and she actually had fun .
1	Beans offered healthy protein too , and they were cheap !	Anna 's kids soon ate beans with every meal .
0	It 's amazing how much he improved in one day .	Finally , he got the hang of it .
1	He did not want to be made fun of by his friends .	He finally bought some boots .
1	Jaden was immediately silenced and then agreed with the man .	The two ended up friends .
0	Now we 'll have to find a new place to go to .	I heard through the grapevine that they closed .
1	I oiled the chain .	The I remembered the three feet of snow outside .
0	He did a lot of work for ROC-NLP-Research .	Josh worked on Mechanical Turk .
1	Her husband was in a car accident .	She found out after she started dinner .
0	There were many choices .	Jessica and her boyfriend went to the theater to watch a movie .
1	He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie .	At the theater he found out he did n't have enough money .
1	Joe has been asked to join a band .	Jim goes to see his son play in the band .
1	They ended up holding it at their warehouse for her .	She spent more on gas picking it up then she 'd saved .
0	Thankfully , the bugs smelled the spray and left Anna alone .	She pulled out a bottle of bug spray and applied it liberally .
0	Libby was kind and needed money badly , so she agreed .	Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged Libby to stay late .
1	She tried to fight back but they always beat her .	She asked her teacher but the teacher did not do anything .
0	It had mushrooms and mozzarella on it .	I made a pizza today .
1	Sam was making a pickle and cheese sandwich .	His mom said it looked gross .
1	She got to experience swimming with dolphins .	She said it was amazing .
1	She started working more and paying bills .	She sold everything she did n't need .
1	She needed some baby gates but could n't afford them .	She posted online hoping to find free ones .
1	Jake went to the mall with his mom .	There were so many interesting things at the mall to look at !
0	Now he 's facing jail time and thousands in fines .	He was caught within a week .
1	My son then transformed into Captain Jake .	It is amazing how creative they can be when dressing up .
1	She ignored her Grandmother 's instruction .	Jennifer climbed the fence and her jeans caught on the top .
1	She called me down for dinner just as I finished .	She saw the crumbs on my face and sent me to my room without eating .
1	He knelt down to pet the dog and the dog licked his face .	The dog wound up following him all the way home .
1	The one that hit last week was supposed to be bigger .	They thought they could survive it as well .
0	He threw up in the dugout .	Being out in the sun made him sick .
1	I waited for my new instrument and did not leave my house that day .	I was so delighted my guitar was delivered that January afternoon !
0	Thankfully , his car came to a halt as he slid into a ditch , uninjured .	He violently swerved , and came within inches of a near car .
0	She had a lot of money , but was n't sure what to buy .	Samantha wanted to buy a gift for her boyfriend , Doug .
1	Blaine racked up a large amount of debt .	Blaine then declared bankruptcy .
1	Ashley was smoking a cigarette in her bedroom .	Suddenly , a bunch of ash fell onto the floor .
0	The teacher asked her why she threw the book .	He had been bothering her for hours .
0	However , he was about to crash me .	My riding was riding from the opposite direction .
1	Cal tried some hairspray and even some gel .	It was all no use at all .
0	Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time .	He looked around outside , shocked by the changes .
1	One day , Dusty stole a box of cookies from the kitchen .	He took the cookies and ate them in his sister 's bedroom .
0	Because Tommy 's lemonade was delicious , his stand was a huge success .	Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house .
0	Julie loved all the dogs , but one cute mutt in particular .	They visited an animal shelter to get one .
1	The dunks were out of this world !	Aaron Gordon and Zach LaVine put on a great show for the fans !
0	She noticed the empty basket and smiled .	Johns mom stopped over shortly after Christmas .
1	She was very lazy though .	She forgot to water the plants in the morning .
1	Ali got a job as a cleaning lady .	She went to work on her first day , ready and eager .
1	Lo was angry and grumpy !	She took a job babysitting to get her away from her home .
0	When her mom went to the bathroom Gina sprung into action .	Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom .
0	I got lost in thought and lost track of time .	I started to reminisce about all the fun I had as a kid .
0	With a Monopoly game in hand , they climbed the stairs .	They were in the basement after coming in a window .
0	She could not wait to go with him .	Today she was asked by the cute guy Peter from chemistry class .
1	None of them have yet to work out though .	As a last attempt Kristy tried online dating .
0	My grandparents called to talk to my mom .	I cried until my nose bled .
0	He noticed some dark clouds coming in .	Remy was shopping .
0	Surprised , the co-workers told him that this was the headquarters !	One of them was where the headquarters of the company was located .
0	For some reason , he could n't locate it .	He walked around the house trying to find the source .
1	At the party , a handsome guy and his friends came over to her .	Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous .
0	Kendrick now really appreciates his fireplace .	He built a new mantle with his extra money .
1	It was very difficult and she began to hate it .	Finally she decided it was best to quit .
1	Deborah 's computer continuously slowed down .	She searched the internet for the best way to fix it .
0	Her apartment has very dim lights that are not good for reading .	Elizabeth likes to read novels .
1	He would pick fights with me at lunchtime every day .	No one would help me so I brought a gun and shot Abraham dead .
0	In addition , the force of the water pushed me out of the slide .	As I was moving on the slide , the ride started to go faster .
0	His mother gave him his backpack before he left .	He knew he was forgetting something !
1	Today he decided to steal a coat from a department store .	As he walked out with the coat however , a guard stopped him .
0	Daniel did it free of charge and brought the food home for his kids .	The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return .
0	She was very unhappy with how she looked and felt .	Kat was fifty pounds overweight .
0	She also chose to stop eating junk and stick to a healthy diet .	She joined a gym and began to exercise 3 days a week .
1	The teacher handed out a sheet of paper to everyone .	He told them it was a pop quiz .
1	They had been to the movies and the mall .	They finally decided on ice skating .
1	Yesterday we were told the landlord was installing fire equipment .	The equipment is designed to stop stovetop fires .
1	One day after school , his father told him that he lost his job .	They would no longer be able to send him to the private school .
0	He currently lives on the 13th floor .	Rashid is terrified of heights .
1	My lover came back with the same old same old stuff .	I divorced him and never looked back .
0	They both went their separate ways .	He asked her what was wrong and she was unhappy as well .
0	She read three chapters , until his eyes closed .	She went into his room and read to him .
1	Eddie was a church deacon .	So he shocked a lot of people when he did what he did do .
1	Ethan checked out a book from the library .	He started to read it but then quickly forgot about it .
0	The time spent with grandma was better .	The cookies were great .
0	Jim decided to play with his cat .	His cat was keeping him up all night .
1	It was strange that on Wednesday , she came to the office hung over .	She apologized and stated that her ex boyfriend had come to town .
0	The owner tried many things including ignoring the dog .	His owner wanted to sleep later .
1	I took it with me into the bathroom and it fell on the tile .	The phone ended up smashing and it was unfortunate .
0	In time though , he got much better .	He hated being there .
1	As soon as she went it was packed .	Abby had fun with all the songs .
1	He was ready , and his friends said good luck .	He took first place !
0	Her housekeeper Rosie had been on vacation .	Lulu was very overwhelmed this last week .
1	There was water dripping from his ceiling .	Sam looked up to find a leaking toilet .
0	She practiced all week .	She was so nervous !
1	I was falling asleep in class .	I started to daydream .
0	First I brushed it all out .	I wanted to curl my hair .
1	She decides she would like to eat .	She checks the cabinets but she does not have any food .
0	One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser .	Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid .
1	His nickname was Dr J and he starred in the ABA .	When the ABA folded , he ended up with the NBA 's Philadelphia Sixers .
1	Katie needed to cross the street by herself .	Being seven , she had n't done it by herself before .
0	The only snag was , she did n't know she had it .	He fantasized about how grateful she would be for his protection .
0	He felt like crying .	Tim lost every game .
0	Jake became thankful for all he 's done in his twenties .	He told Jake to think about his wife , kids , and great job .
0	Her parents said she had to go to medical school .	Vivian wanted to be an artist .
1	Last week he got $ 600 from a sunglasses company to call for more sun .	He panic during his next broadcast and predicted an earthquake .
1	Mel loved writing poetry and wanted to be published .	She entered her poems into contests , but never won .
0	Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check .	Jeff took the check and put it into his pocket .
1	I did not have enough money to see it .	I decided to find the movie online to download .
0	Her sister threw it at the wall .	She gave it to her sister for her birthday .
1	It was a nice day , until I had to go outside and mow the lawn .	I did n't mind mowing the lawn , but it was spring .
0	She started to see changes in her skin tone .	Jen also decided to only drink water .
0	The movie was n't bad but it was n't great either .	While I thought it would be busy , the crowds were sparse .
1	He is amazed at how well the lotion works .	Now Chris no longer has to deal with dry hands .
0	She tried different adjustments .	Her digital tuner kept telling her it was wrong .
0	Lisa decided to rest well at home so she could recover .	Lisa was sad because she could n't go to school .
1	Helen approached the principle and tried to bribe him .	Principle refused at first , but accepted the higher counter offer .
1	He especially liked cheaper old books in good shape .	Norm found a first edition of a Hemingway novel .
0	The dog wound up following him all the way home .	He knelt down to pet the dog and the dog licked his face .
1	The carrier worked .	She was able to get lots done .
0	They closed down the park because he could n't be found .	He got lost at Hollywood Studios .
0	One clown smashed a pie in the other 's face and ran off .	When there was two clowns the face each other .
1	They were planning to see a popular new release .	The man at the counter told them all of the tickets were sold out .
1	Karen 's friends invited her out to a party .	She decided to sneak out of her window .
1	Laurie is going to have a baby today .	She went into the hospital and got all set .
1	Dan 's class was in the library at school .	A boy across the room stuck his tongue out at Dan .
1	Dan finds out his grandmother keeps her money under a mattress .	He begs her to put it in the bank but she refuses .
0	Together they were able to put the dresser together properly .	He call his friend to help him .
1	Unfortunately , he did n't have any money to buy any cheese .	One day he decided to try and steal some cheese .
1	She signed up for a swimming class .	At first she was afraid of the water .
0	We finally settled on Chinese .	We had a hard time deciding where to eat .
0	Pat used this as his roots cellar for his food .	He lined the sides of the hole with wood to make a room .
1	I told my friends the story .	We went to look for the house .
1	Several hours later he fell ill .	He went to the doctor to cure his illness .
1	The exec wanted him to sign a contract .	The exec also wanted him to change his whole sound .
0	She was delighted when her car fit into the garage with room to spare .	She used the money to organize the remainder of items in the garage .
0	We all got dressed up in our best clothes .	My mother wanted a picture of the entire family .
1	Brenda was walking along a pond on her large property .	Suddenly , she heard loud barking and two dogs came out of the woods .
1	Eva was asked to sing the national anthem at her town 's parade .	She was honored , and accepted happily .
1	It had lots of iron and other sediment in it .	Worse it was red and off putting .
0	Ken 's boss was waiting for him at the office door .	Ken was late for work today .
1	Pat and her daughters then began to plan the food for the shower .	Her daughters thought playing fun games would keep things interesting .
0	We had not done this in over five Year 's .	Last Saturday we went to dim sum in Chinatown .
1	I rocked so hard and had so much fun .	My friends and I love playing music together .
1	She was too weak to fight back .	She ended up dying .
1	Lisa wanted to save money , so she decided to cloth diaper her baby .	She bought a dozen diapers in cute prints .
0	She was given her first article .	Amanda got a job writing for the school paper .
0	We took our camper and stayed in a campground .	Last year , we went to the Ozarks .
1	The alarm clock worked .	Alas , he did n't like having to go to the bathroom more often .
1	He decided that he would buy new shoes for the hike .	He bought an off-brand pair because it was cheap .
0	She hurt her leg pretty bad when she fell .	She went sliding across the floor .
0	Not only did he had a good time , but he got more out of it .	He decided to go to the trip .
0	He hid in the cabin of his boat while the storm tossed it to and fro .	While he was out fishing , a storm came up .
1	Ray wanted to be a doctor .	He studied very hard in college .
1	I tend to agree .	The other day my friend beat me at Mario Kart .
1	My fiancee introduced her to me in 1981 .	We happened to board her trolley .
0	Frank knew this was as famous as he would ever be .	After a week Frank had over 10000 views .
0	Now she was sitting on the porch enjoying the fall sun .	Amy had been avoiding her friends all day .
1	The bus from the airport to the city is very slow .	Finally , he arrives at his hotel .
0	He mortgaged his house in order to start a burger joint .	Jack really wanted to open a restaurant .
0	Normally he would not date someone with a cat but he really likes her .	But he finds out that his new girlfriend has a cat .
0	He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included !	He went to the kitchen and started cooking .
1	Dani went to the store and bought drywall .	She patched the wall up .
0	The cookies were delicious and he ate every single one of them .	George looked around , and took a bite of the tasty dessert .
1	He refused to stop and ask for directions .	By the time we finally found the sale the lamp was already sold .
0	She is very nervous on her first night .	Peri gets a job as a waitress at a sports bar .
0	He began studying many religions .	A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial .
0	She swallowed it and barely finished the speech .	During the speech she threw up in her mouth .
1	She was a little nervous , because she could n't dance .	She asked her mom for help and learned how to dance .
0	He cancelled their plans for the evening , which cheered her up .	Her new husband realized something was bothering his bride .
1	One of her friends suggested that she see a dermatologist .	After some thought , she made an appointment with the dermatologist .
0	He had to spend two weeks in the hospital .	John fell and broke his leg .
1	Everyday a car parked in the front row took up two space .	One day Ted snapped and broke every window in the car .
0	I finally decided to buy myself one online .	I had been wanting a new laptop for a while .
0	However a mouse jumped into the soup .	He put in random spices from his cabinet .
0	He rode it three times that day .	He was excited to finally be able to ride the coaster .
1	He had never done such a hard race and was afraid of how it would go .	He started going to Boot Camp every day and got really buff .
0	They realized that they could just walk into another movie .	After the movie , they were bored .
1	Cindy was hungry and quickly ate it .	But a few minutes later , her stomach began to turn .
1	After a few minutes , Bert noticed that the burger was burned .	Bert quickly removed the burned food and replaced it .
1	I was starting to regret working for that employer	I was surprised and pleased to receive a bonus for the difference .
1	They were both nervous as they said goodbye .	Suddenly , Sean leaned over and hugged Sara .
0	Chris refused to buy his dog this medicine .	Patty needed medicine to recover .
1	Instead , he stood his ground and waved his arms to look bigger .	The bear finally turned and wandered off the other way .
1	He slipped and fell on the icy patch , causing him to get hurt .	John no longer runs across the parking lot on icy days .
1	In the seventies several Greek style pizza shops opened .	The pizzas were thicker .
1	They said no .	However the next day Kelly went into her room .
1	Clark needed to buy some headphones .	His had broken the night before .
1	One day his friend Sophia asked him for one !	On their date , she confessed that she 'd always loved shy , quiet boys .
0	Luna decided to walk to school instead .	She had to buy another , but then found out she had no money left .
0	It was too heavy .	I deadlifted a barbell .
0	She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart .	Ana decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store .
1	Bob 's brother , Jim , was always playing pranks on Bob .	Bob always got tricked and planned to get revenge .
0	Amy was sweating and panting as she rode up the hill .	There was a steep hill which was hard to ride up .
0	Everyone who knew her loved the changes .	When she was all done , she looked completely different .
0	Finally someone reminded him what goose meant .	He kept saying duck .
1	She thought he was dressed a bit odd .	But she remembered what her parents told her about being nice .
0	He stood in line for three hours before the store opened .	Bill was one of the first people in line to buy the new iPhone .
1	They said his season was over .	Tony practiced very hard while his arm healed .
1	One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room .	She looked out the window .
0	When he was done he smoked a cigarette .	A farmer was put all his hay in the barn .
1	He had a strong desire to marry his girlfriend .	Sadly he did n't have enough money to purchase the ring .
1	He waved at the firemen as they passed .	One of the firemen waved back at the boy .
0	He was challenging me to a race .	In the next lane , a man was revving his engine .
1	He could n't figure out what was the problem .	Jim went to the dentist , who looked at his teeth .
0	The entire set of clothes on the rack collapsed on her .	However , her child accidentally pulled on one of the hangers .
1	Ricky really wanted breakfast .	But he was too lazy to cook .
1	Jake was hesitant .	He hired a clown at his son 's suggestion .
1	So he decided to pay for an IQ to learn the truth .	After he got back his results , he was n't surprised .
1	Her mama took the doll to put the shoes on it as Lorraine had asked .	She gave the doll back to Lorraine after putting its shoes on .
0	Fred was annoyed how long the wait was .	So he decided to order something to go .
1	His friends wanted to come over .	Jim would n't let them .
1	He wondered if he would ever beat it .	He finally did but then decided to start over once more .
0	She forgot to water the plants in the morning .	She was very lazy though .
1	She was so excited that every morning she would get up .	Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care .
1	She ran out into the hallway in her pajamas shouting .	The stranger just ignored her and walked away .
0	She went home and made sure she did her best job on it .	One day her teacher said everyone who did homework would get candy .
0	The line was long outside .	He went to see his favorite band .
1	This made Lynette stress out a lot .	Lynette still babysits to help the family .
1	I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 1996 .	She was bragging about a grocery delivery service .
1	Jon wanted to know more about birds , so he went to the library .	While at the library , he saw an attractive librarian .
1	Sarah always loved tater-tots .	Those little balls of fried potatoes really made her happy .
0	One day there was none at her local stores or online .	The Probiotic was crucial and kept the digestion on track .
1	Jane was cleaning her boyfriend 's room .	She was going to throw away some old shoes .
1	Yet when she got into the backyard , she saw it was very hot .	She was sweating .
0	She hung it up in her room and looked at it every day .	She decided to make a poster with inspirational sayings on it .
0	Bob asked for an autograph .	At the end of the show , he saw the lead guitarist .
0	His appetite did not change , and he continued to eat a lot of food .	One day , he hurt his back and could no longer work out .
1	I 've always liked collecting stamps .	There are a lot of unique designs .
0	Her family devoured the meal .	She prepared fried chicken and mashed potatoes .
0	John worked extra hard and after a few months , he was able to buy it .	One day , he found the perfect ring , but it was very expensive .
1	Grace learned the photo was of the author .	Grace then realized that the book may have been owned by the author .
0	Her niece came out with her bike and began to ride .	She sat on the porch enjoying the sun .
1	She wondered for the millionth time why programming was so hard .	Pushing the textbook away from her , she rubbed her eyes wearily .
1	But he knew his mom could n't afford a haircut on her tight salary .	Ike , resolute , went to the school with his head held high .
0	Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo .	Pam won several rounds of bingo .
0	She visited Whole Foods and bought a cleanse in a box .	Jane decided to do a cleanse .
1	He saw a building with kayaks in it .	He rented a kayak there and navigated the river .
0	Pasta is my favorite dish .	I love eating pasta .
1	For weeks he could n't lift more than 200 pounds .	He trained for weeks and weeks trying to go heavier .
1	Mai waited by the door and insisted they get up now .	But Mai found her daughter with their tenant when the door opened .
1	One day , a businessman arrived with a special delivery for him .	It was something the gangster had wanted for a long time .
1	They set up their kayaks and climbed in to begin their trek .	All of a sudden , the rapids became extreme and they were dragged away .
0	He decided to run for President so he could be more powerful .	Don liked being powerful .
0	Beth laughed out loud , and breathed a sigh of relief .	A small rabbit hopped on to the trail right in front of her .
1	He made a hole with the force of the impact .	Jimmy got a new pool with the warranty .
0	Sue told her the watch was super cool .	On the bus ride home Amy showed her older friend Sue her new watch .
0	Mary changed the tire and fought him how for next time .	He told Mary that he does n't know how to change a tire himself .
1	Roxy picks out a color to paint her nails .	Now her nails are beautifully painted .
0	Matt told Kyle what he could do to improve his game , and Kyle listened	Kyle thought he was the better player , but Matt managed to beat him .
0	When William was young he dreamed of winning Daytona .	William likes to race cars for a living .
0	He decided to seek work .	Alex had been fired .
0	He won the game .	He caught it in the end zone .
0	He got into his car .	She asked her boyfriend matt to go out to get some .
1	She told him maybe and he carried the ball around with him .	When they went to check out , she agreed to buy the ball .
1	Then , she looked through pattern books .	She chose one .
1	He liked being there but not at the moment .	Somebody he knew was inside .
0	He starts getting terrified .	He realizes he ca n't move .
0	Frita had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies .	Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter .
0	Doug accepted but was nervous because it was n't a diamond .	His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby .
0	She studied for 3 days straight .	Alexia desperately needed an A on her final exam .
0	Alas , I did not know that my water pipe was faulty .	I decided to shower to clean up .
1	Jane was teaching her daughter .	It was basic math .
0	They settled into sleep around 10 PM .	Four cousins pitched a tent as their parents looked on from the cabin .
0	One day , Stephanie got drunk and slept with another man .	Ronald had a girlfriend named Stephanie .
0	She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl .	My sister is going to have a baby .
1	She then worked out at the gym for an hour .	Afterwards , Mary used public transportation to go to the hospital .
0	Anna decided to support the cause from afar - not personally !	But after being mocked at school for going braless , she reconsidered .
1	Eventually , people listened to him and he gathered a following .	Josh became a world leader of peace .
0	He wanted a nice pair of boots to wear to nice restaurants .	Tom was in the market for shoes .
1	Bob wanted to do something for his 40th birthday .	He decided to buy a brand new sports car for himself .
0	He was there whenever they needed him .	After each play he would come around passing out water .
1	He wanted to see if the Easter Bunny had come .	To his delight he saw his Easter basket full of presents and candy .
1	We had a lot of cookouts in front of our condo building .	We usually had burgers and dogs .
0	My car would n't turn over .	I went to start my car last friday .
1	He was told eventually they get put down .	Jose adopted five dogs that day to save them .
0	I remained on my knees trying to hold the pain on my stomach .	She immediately got hit and smacked me with her purse .
1	The niece bubbles with excitement at meeting her aunt .	The niece does not expect the sheriff to be waiting for her .
1	Anita was tired from a long day of shopping .	She dreaded the fact that she still had to wrap the gifts .
0	He ended up purchasing a diamond necklace .	After getting off of work , he decided to go to the Jewelry store .
1	The newcomer surged forward and ended up eating thirty two pies .	He took home the trophy and was crowned the Pie Man of the year .
1	She bought ingredients .	She mixed them all up .
1	I vacuumed the floors .	My room was sparkling clean .
1	Charles was running late for work .	He rushed out to his car to leave .
1	Austin got a new camcorder for his birthday .	He decided to make a video .
0	She responded by slapping me right across the face !	I told her that what he did n't know would n't hurt him .
0	She wished a vampire whisk her off her feet one day .	She watched all the movies and read all the books .
0	Her sister ran in crying after seeing a dead deer in a truck .	Gina was in a gas station on the highway .
1	Once there was a philosopher who was seeking new wisdom .	The man decided the best way to think was to go into the woods alone .
1	A sculptor set out to carve a statue .	He found a fine block of marble and set to work .
0	He was told to fire an employee to cut costs .	Howard received a call from his boss one day .
1	A man was working out at the gym .	An attractive woman sat down to use the machine next to him .
0	I found an antique claw machine .	I went to the boardwalk to play some games .
0	He dropped out of college when he was young .	He lived with his mom until she died .
1	Jill had n't seen her friends in a while .	It was making her lonely .
0	Missy was disappointed when she learned it could take several days .	She was so excited as Dad helped her plant them in several pots .
0	After getting them off , she did n't wear her retainer .	Lidia received braces as a kid .
1	I cheered on Diana as she was playing the guitar .	Her voice was in harmony with her sequence of guitar notes .
0	He was asked to prom by her , and as a gift she gave him an action toy .	But one day , a girl approached him while he was playing at lunch .
0	When I arrived the flight was delayed because of a storm .	I drove to the airport to go to Puerto Rico .
0	They spent a terrific weekend snowboarding .	He and a friend took the long drive to Utah to find a good mountain .
0	Sam 's friend called inviting him to IHOP for breakfast .	But he realized he was out of pancake mix .
1	He cautioned Dave that there was ice up ahead .	Dave took his advice and went home where he would be safe .
1	It took a year to read the seven novels .	When I finished I bought Madeleines and ate them .
1	Her dog ran into the woods .	Jill chased after her dog .
1	Desmond checked his phone for any emergency notifications .	He saw that there would be extreme flooding in his area soon .
0	He could n't skate for the rest of the month .	He did n't land it right and hurt his ankle .
1	It was a hot day in summer and Erin was feeling warm .	Erin left to the store to buy a fan .
1	His classmates would n't let him be on their team .	His brothers said he was too small and scrawny to play with them .
0	He finished school- and began work as a television critic !	But then Cade did a surprising thing to ease her mind .
1	Evan was manning the grill at the company picnic .	He had never grilled meat before .
0	He said he was thirsty so I gave him some water .	My nephew was visiting my house one day .
1	Jane could n't sleep sometimes , due to the noise of these birds .	Jane asked Bonnie to move her bird feeder away from Jane 's window .
1	It was the 2nd Christmas with Amy 's new boss .	Her team decided they did n't like the way he managed them .
0	Snatching up the underwear , she flushed scarlet with embarrassment .	Clutching his stomach , her neighbor howled with laughter .
0	Until one day he hurt his arm .	He did fifty push ups a day .
1	Neil was traveling in Vietnam .	He took a train into Saigon .
1	It even starts to come out in the shower .	So he goes to a hair doctor .
0	He asked his parents if he could join .	One day while walking home from school he saw a boy scout poster .
0	She had had a nightmare , that was all .	Then she calmed down .
0	She read online that they ate mealworms .	She wondered what to feed it .
0	He only stared at her when she tried to find out when he would finish .	But her brother was on the phone .
1	He decided it was too consistent to be a bug .	It turned out he left an old TV on a dead channel downstairs .
0	One night , there was a power outage in his neighborhood .	So he always slept with the lights on .
1	Sarah was nowhere to be seen .	It was time to act .
1	Candy knew her baby sister June wanted ice skates .	June loved to skate , but their mom could n't afford the pricey skates .
0	They hiked all the way to the top .	So they went to a mountain to hike .
0	During the run , he saw another student pulling ahead of him however .	Trey wanted to get the best time for running a mile in his class .
0	They suddenly became aware a of new threat as smoke wafted in .	Warriors from each side died bravely .
1	She began to sing for the entire school audience .	She started off on a good path .
0	He did n't know his limit .	He pretended to have at his first party .
0	The teacher turned around and yelled at me .	My friend Brianna whispered to me in class .
0	She asked her boss for funding .	Martha wanted to attend a business conference .
1	He stepped in a puddle and stopped .	Dave tried to find the source of the water .
1	The first day I saw dad driving I gave his car a nickname .	I called it dad 's red rocket .
1	Lenny and Sheila celebrated their 40th Anniversary by taking a trip .	They visited the art gallery where they first met each other .
0	Her siblings found out why she was in trouble .	Her mother grounded her to her room .
0	She was puzzled when the clothes would n't dry in the dryer .	London was busy catching up with laundry .
1	It was Christmas morning .	Sue woke up early to open her presents .
1	She had contacted a local art gallery about displaying her work .	She put up her drawings of still life for everybody to see .
1	He finally got his chance .	It was a small promotion but worth the exposure .
1	She woke to a house full of smoke .	Both Erin and the cat got out safely .
1	I stupidly decided to take off my screen protector yesterday .	As a result , it ended up breaking .
0	She thought it was noisy and dirty !	She had never seen the country before .
0	She searched and searched for inspiration .	Jess was looking for a new song to learn .
0	I poured the drain cleaner down the drain .	I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner .
1	I need to decide what to do with my life soon .	I want to get a job and start earning money .
1	I quickly called Jeff and he confirmed they were already there !	Hopping into the car , I quickly drove to the restaurant .
0	He dreamed of one day moving to a big city .	Caleb lived on a wheat farm in Oklahoma .
0	Nancy quit smoking after her friend died .	Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call .
1	We crunched through the snow to a pond .	Rich stepped out onto the ice .
0	Jes persevered , and after two years , earned her teaching degree .	Sometimes , it was so exhausting , she thought of giving up .
1	Joe spent the next three hours playing his new video game .	It was better than he thought it would be !
1	Ava was at a slumber party .	The kids started playing truth or dare .
1	Tom went on a cruise through the Caribbean	He did all sorts of fun stuff on the cruise
0	On the way , he twisted his ankle .	Billy was walking home from school .
0	He learned to swim , so he was able to go to camp and have fun .	Johnny 's parents signed him up for lessons at the local YMCA .
0	They sold out in an hour .	By the time she got there , there were no more cds .
1	I asked her what on earth she was doing there , on a weekday .	She told me the minister had gotten her pregnant .
1	Rashid is terrified of heights .	He currently lives on the 13th floor .
1	Anita did n't know her real father , but her step father was around .	Her step father liked his kids more , and proved it when he beat Anita .
1	She wanted to search Dave 's desk for her pencils .	There was a teacher outside of the lunchroom .
1	His father pushed him back .	A full blown fight erupted .
1	Lisa made chocolate oatmeal .	But she was afraid her mom might not like it .
1	She ended up giving up after studying for an hour .	She ended up with a 33 on the exam .
0	After hiking a short distance they noticed that the trail stopped .	They wanted to take the new hiking trail to the river .
1	Alexia desperately needed an A on her final exam .	She studied for 3 days straight .
1	The streaks were pale and patchy .	Tim realized he should 've let a professional streak his hair !
1	Lucy 's grandma gave her permission to go with .	Lucy decided she would go home to change , then visit the new friend .
1	At least two feet had fallen and it was still snowing .	Their parents checked their school 's website to see if it was closed .
0	It turns out my water heater was leaking .	I decided to go in the attic to investigate .
0	The coach felt in the moment so he told the player to steal again .	The player ran to steal second base and was almost thrown out .
1	He had many different flavors .	Unfortunately , he had no customers .
1	Lucy spent the whole afternoon counting and organizing the coins .	Grandpa gave Lucy $ 35 for her effort .
1	Her other daughter was selling candy bars .	Grace wanted to help both girls .
1	Beth just moved out on her own and wanted to try something new .	She had a cheeseburger for dinner for the first time in her life .
1	He slowed down just enough for people to hop on the bus .	A man jumped at the doorway but missed .
1	Jessica takes up running in order to lose some weight .	She hires a coach to help her begin the process .
0	The sun came slowly over the hills .	He waited for the sun to rise to look for them .
1	Now she was almost through with stuffing and sealing the envelopes .	Suddenly something on one of the invitations caught her eye .
0	They put on old clothes and boots .	One day they found a great big puddle in the backyard .
0	Everyone said they looked like ordinary rocks , nothing special .	When she came home , she showed the rocks to friends .
0	The husband started to become jealous of the attention she gave it .	Every time Fanny would play piano , the cat would respond .
1	Kay was amazed at the results .	In eight weeks , she had lost twelve pounds !
0	One particular memory was of India 's Imaginary Friend .	India was recalling some of her childhood memories .
0	The scarecrow worked so well that it even kept the deer away .	She made a scarecrow out of old clothes and junk from her garage .
1	The lady tried to calm Lucy as she began crying harder .	The nice lady just smiled and drove to a police station .
1	Jake 's mom gathered the baby wash , baby shampoo and a towel .	Jake 's mom filled the tub part way with warm water .
1	She kept smacking her ear .	The bee inside her ear stung her .
0	He then charged admission for ESL student to come and study his house .	A man bought a label maker and began to label everything he owned .
1	Tom 's friends asked him to smoke .	Tom had learned to say no to drugs .
0	Pip jumped up from his desk with a shout .	The window shattered in a great crash .
1	John made a vow then and there to get into the best shape of his life .	Just over a year later , he won a prestigious fitness competition .
0	She impatiently fried up her own homemade burgers .	Ann dug through her freezer and found beef and rolls .
0	The tree grew to be over twenty feet tall !	Lary thought the tree would be small .
0	Then , she started one wash .	She started by separating whites and colors .
1	Today was the day of the big rivalry .	Both teams were very good , they both had perfect records .
0	It was the controller on a 1930s trolley .	I found a trolley part in the garbage near a carhouse .
1	Theresa loved cold weather .	She lived in Texas where the weather was not cold .
0	Martin and his friends found a nice camping spot .	Martin went to camp with his friends .
1	Andy was a very clever boy who loves to play games	One day Andy asked his friend to play sudoku with him
0	Neil was thrilled by his camel ride through the desert !	Neil 's guide helped him book a camel trip .
0	Forty minutes later he ran to pull out his burnt cookies .	Mike forgot to set a timer when he put them in the oven .
0	Finally , I had to give up and go home to bed .	It was a bitterly cold and stormy night and I searched for hours .
1	It was disgusting .	Luckily he was not offended , and they both laughed it off .
0	One morning she hears something .	Helen hates dogs .
0	In a hurry she turned the corner and ran into her boss .	She walked swiftly to the bathroom when he was done .
1	He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present .	He went into the other room and had me close my eyes .
1	Mary started to cry .	Mary went home very upset about her first day of preschool .
0	On a sunny day , he was hunting and heard something crackling .	It was his favorite pastime .
1	But still , he was soaking wet by the time he got there .	Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking .
1	Then she saw a crying little boy in the corner .	He 'd lost his mother and was scared !
1	His wife Gail calls it the `` BIG voice '' .	Bernard only uses it when one of his kids is in trouble .
1	We spend too much going out to eat every week .	Mom planned on making more meals ahead of time .
1	When I started on the grass , I noticed a frog .	I had to stop the lawnmower and catch it .
0	She jumped out of bed to look out the window .	It was pelting the metal roof with great force .
0	The one thing they did n't like was the shark tunnel .	They loved seeing all of the animals .
0	They turned on the heaters but that was n't helping much .	When they arrived , it was very cold inside .
0	His wife bought him a stationary bike and put it in the bedroom .	Arnold really liked to watch television .
0	To Jenny 's surprise her teacher saw and stood up for her .	Sure enough she was made fun of by a group of girls .
1	The first pitch was wide .	The second pitch was high .
0	Suddenly , she noticed a fly in the bowl .	She began eating the food .
0	She straightened and stood for 5 seconds before dropping on her but .	Then , she pushed against the floor and extended her legs .
1	Bill spent the next few hours at a car lot .	He found the perfect truck !
1	He caught them kissing on the couch ,	Leslie 's boyfriend punched the other boy in the nose .
1	The added weight helped her burn more calories .	Soon May was burning extra calories and losing weight daily !
0	He landed on a tree branch and looked for a cat .	When it looked safe , the bird got closer .
1	His friend asked him to play video games .	And they ended up playing the whole day .
1	One day , her friend said something horrible .	They yelled at each other .
0	He found the perfect truck !	Bill spent the next few hours at a car lot .
0	I peeked around the corner , ready to strike if need be .	I jumped out of bed and crept to my kitchen .
1	I liked drinking soda .	But , it was too expensive .
0	She looked around frantically .	Jen walked out of the mall only to find her car was gone .
1	Tim was excited when it froze at his home in Texas .	He thought the frozen branches looked like ice sculptures .
1	I woke up in the morning and went to work .	Came home at night and went to sleep .
0	She was elated when she found it on the bathroom floor !	Lisa searched everywhere she had been that day .
0	The waiter had to throw it away for me .	When I tried to eat it , it tasted too salty .
1	She decided to make pizza herself .	It turned out great .
0	Tom did n't want his mother to find out his poor grade .	The teacher told Tom that his mother had to sign the graded test .
1	He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy .	Bill thought he must have drank too much himself .
1	For his lawyer he chose a 12 year old kid .	The judge allowed this only if the kid could pass a test .
0	She decided not to stop to get more .	She was low on gas .
1	He ran over to his tv and turned it on .	Ryan placed his new game in his system .
1	But he chickened out and never gave it to her .	He still longs for her from afar .
1	I called the security guard .	After he understood the situation , he gave the bully detention .
1	He always decided it was never the right time .	One day , he bumped into her in a coffee shop .
1	It was their favorite play spot , and they went there every day .	But on that day the creek was overflowing , and I fell in .
1	My father bought me a puppy for my birthday .	My responsibility was to get the puppy it 's shots .
0	To his delight he saw his Easter basket full of presents and candy .	He wanted to see if the Easter Bunny had come .
1	I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner .	I poured the drain cleaner down the drain .
1	He went to the ATM to get $ 900 to pay for rent .	The machine displayed that he was 23 cents short .
0	After a few hours , I began to get concerned .	She stormed out of the house and drove away .
1	A person bumped into me .	The person who bumped into me started to hurry off the bus with my pur
1	So , she decided to hire a professional organizer .	The organizer came over and spent the day fixing up the mess .
1	Tim bought a kit for a kite from the craft store .	The instructions were too complicated for a 7 year old .
0	With his dentist 's recommendation , he took some ibuprofen .	He called his dentist immediately for an appointment .
0	At the garage , he inspected it and delivered bad news .	She had to call a mechanic to tow it .
0	They stopped by a local ice cream parlor .	It was a hot day , and they wanted ice cream .
0	She had no choice but to agree .	Tina was afraid of him .
1	An old man answered the door and greeted Ray .	Ray told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate .
0	The cop arrested her .	She was n't speeding and was confused .
0	We shredded the potato and onion .	My friend and I decided to make latkes .
0	Lucinda decided to stick to swimming in her pool the rest of the year .	She screamed when she touched the bottom again and found a huge snake .
1	John called the pizza company and ordered the pizza .	John ate a wonderful , hot , delicious pizza for dinner .
1	Bob saw the snow falling outside his room window .	He asked his mother if he could play in the snow .
0	Halfway up the trail , the skies darkened and a nasty ice storm ensued !	I was so excited for the hike , I forgot my jacket in the car .
0	She decided to go to sleep early and laid down at 9PM .	Amy 's flight was at 5AM .
1	Fred was making spaghetti .	He was trying to put the box away when the bottom end opened .
1	Jason has been lonely for many Year 's .	Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend .
1	Jared had a piano .	He wanted to learn a specific song .
1	He remembered returning it .	After looking around he found it behind a sofa .
0	I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning .	I become so interested in working with the special education students .
0	I landed on the ground in pain .	Since I was n't looking at my feet , I stepped on a rock .
0	He told the man he could have his bed as he looked tired .	The innkeeper did n't have any space in his inn when the man came .
1	Belle inherited a watch from her late grandmother .	It meant a lot to her .
0	This time it was filled with all of her favorite things .	She always hoped it would be filled with candy and such .
0	She raked the leaves into piles .	She got the rake out of the garage .
0	Tim had smeared some fudge on his face when he ate it .	Pat and Tim were eating fudge pops .
1	I was cold .	I decided to use the fireplace .
1	When they were clean , he put them in the dryer on high .	The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small .
0	The monkey was eating almonds out of a glass jar .	Once , a monkey got into my girlfriend 's house in India .
1	Jill resents that her friend got the promotion and not Jill .	She does n't talk to her friend for two months .
0	He decided to try to cure himself instead of waiting it out .	Art had been sick with the flu for weeks .
1	He lifted the glove he 'd brought with him .	The ball plopped right into it .
0	Her dad ignored her , because it was already arranged .	Patel whined that she did n't want to marry the man with sores on him .
1	He messes up during it .	He does n't get the job .
0	The tire of the bike landed on a crack in the road .	Tim was riding his motorcycle to school .
1	One day a poor widow came to town .	She gave a mite to the beggar on the street .
1	Derek made macaroni and wants to spice it up a little .	He tried a little garlic but it was n't the right spice .
1	Beth got out of bed , and noticed how nice it was outside .	Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach .
1	I sent cookies to my daughter .	I sent these items to work .
0	When the power went out he light the candle and it lasted hours .	Bob bought it and brought it home .
0	He asked if he could make up his missing assignments after class .	Jake had not done his homework for that particular class in weeks .
1	After being on the plane for 5 hours she realized something .	She got on the wrong plane .
0	I put on some clothes and took a picture of myself .	I decided to take a picture for my facebook profile .
0	Lily was skeptical at first but trusted her sister .	She said it was the best thing she 'd ever tasted .
1	They all started running down .	Jake lost balance and fell .
1	Then she realized that she did n't have enough left .	For a moment she was not sure what to do .
0	Eventually , James stopped his weather forecasts .	His father rolled his eyes and told James to stop being a girl .
1	Everyone showed up except Tina .	Finally Tina showed up .
0	Nell 's dad discovered that money was missing .	One day , Nell snuck a roll of quarters from the cash drawer .
1	I cut myself !	I had to go to the hospital for medical aid .
1	He rented out a Ferrari for a couple of hours .	He took the car to an empty race track .
1	Jamie is working to be a banker .	she loves helping people get the finances they need .
0	As he got older he discovered he liked sour cream .	Bill never liked sour cream as a kid .
0	She spent the entire evening sneezing and blowing her nose .	She was too polite to say anything , however .
1	I had made sure before I started that I had enough yarn .	Halfway through the sweater , I realized I was out of yarn .
1	But one day , it was too hot to eat it .	So Jim decided to pour milk on his uncooked oats .
1	She took the cat to her home to take care of it .	The cat gave birth to 3 healthy kittens at her house .
1	This last weekend he started his own .	It was n't that big but he is still proud of the support .
0	There was a half eaten piece of cheese at the bottom of the pile .	I emptied all of the clothes .
0	She visited her grandmother farm for the first time in 20 years .	Her family moved to the city when she was 14 .
1	Finally she decided to make a $ 20 into all quarters .	She had a bag full of so many quarters .
0	She asked if they could watch birds together and they held hands .	One day at the park , a woman showed up with binoculars .
0	The judge ruled that the ticket was unfair and he did not have to pay .	Steve thought it was unfair and went to court .
1	My brother and I decided to go fishing .	We walked through the woods until we got to the creek .
1	His mom installed it right away .	Alex got to ride home in his new seat .
1	As soon as his head touched the fan , he got smacked in the head .	When I tried to see if he was okay , he could n't stop crying .
1	I got irritated and asked her what was wrong .	She did n't say anything .
1	During a typical meeting I was sitting in a wooden chair .	I keep hearing weird noises coming from my chair .
1	For the past 15 Year 's , Sally was inseparable from her favorite dog .	She got Sammie as a birthday present and they adored each other .
0	The judge allowed this only if the kid could pass a test .	For his lawyer he chose a 12 year old kid .
1	Finally she got help with her money .	Now she is not stressed out anymore .
0	Edward enjoyed the lasagna dinner that he had cooked himself .	At home , Edward followed the recipe to make lasagna .
0	It hurt too much and she gave up , though .	She tried cutting herself to get attention .
0	There were lots of people at the beach .	Today Ally went to the beach .
0	The three of them spread out .	Kayla and her friends were excited to start a game of Hide and Seek
0	He started going to 10 a day .	He wanted to go to every fast food burger place in New York .
0	Al prayed his plan would work this time .	A flash of light and a loud sound whisked Al away to his birth year .
0	She found two complete sets of Time Life books in her attic .	My sister in law was excited this week .
1	He saved his allowance for several weeks to pay for driving school .	He worked extra shifts at his job to eventually afford a car .
0	The candidate got the crowd to clap in a steady beat .	The audience gasped at this reveal .
1	I dug it out of the trash when I met a pretty girl .	She said she liked the rough look I had .
0	I decided to change my life .	I was in prison .
0	I tried on several different pairs .	I went to the local shoe shop .
1	The only problem was that Sammy did not know how to run a restaurant .	Sammy spent many months working closely with his father .
1	He would squeeze , look and evaluate .	Finally he bit into his choice and had a terrible surprise .
0	When the race came , Amanda lost to a girl who had trained her hardest .	Amada was sure she would win , so she did n't bother training .
0	It turned out that she had strep throat .	Her dad took her to the doctor 's office .
1	She bought the strawberries and chocolate .	She melted the chocolate and dipped the fruit .
1	Greg flew over the handlebars of his bike .	He crashed on the road but he was not hurt bad .
0	I worked hard on the soup to make it special .	She had never had it , and I had never made it .
1	Sara excitedly started running toward her friend .	As she ran , her heavy backpack bounced against her .
1	They went to the mall .	The piercer did it quickly and easily .
1	Horace decides that he needs to begin eating more healthy food .	He decides to make a shake for breakfast .
1	She ran into the living room and saw a fire from a candle .	She quickly grabbed her extinguisher and tried to put it out .
0	Carl 's brother felt very embarrassed .	But Carl hurt his mouth and broke teeth .
1	When my wife leaned forward , she snuck onto the back of her seat .	When my wife sat back again , Sassy batted at her hair .
1	He tried to quit on his own , but could n't .	Then his mom sent him to rehab .
0	His car would not start , so he rode his son 's bike to Clint 's shop .	Tom bought some shells for Clint 's birthday .
1	Once changed she ran to the car to wait for grandpa .	Lucy had n't anticipated grandpa taking a nap after church .
0	He went to the doctors to get it checked out .	Yesterday , he noticed a sore on his arm .
1	Lisa 's mom arrived and Lisa left .	Lucy waved goodbye as the car drove off .
1	One winter day , the roads were covered in ice .	The snow got so bad that roads were blocked .
1	I painted each nail a different color .	It was quite fun .
0	He could n't afford to buy a new one .	His guitar got stolen from his house .
1	Her mom told Ella she had to neaten up or she 'd be grounded .	Ella took the threat very seriously .
0	She often talked on her phone while driving .	Nora was n't a very careful driver .
1	When she got to the shop and found that they were closed .	She walked around the plaza and noticed the back door was open .
1	I had to put her down .	Now my dog is dead .
0	She got to move in the next day .	When she found the one she wanted , she was thrilled .
0	She loved the cake that Chris made for her .	He even wrote a small message with icing .
0	He went out with his friend that showed girls his money .	Unlike his classmates , he knew how to pick up girls .
1	Peri gets a job as a waitress at a sports bar .	She is very nervous on her first night .
0	Soon Nellie had come to think of her diary as her best friend !	But gradually , she started to write longer and more detailed entries .
0	My friends and I lit a firework that tipped over .	People were playing with fireworks outside .
0	Abdullah cleans up and heads home .	Abdullah does his leg routine .
0	She was really disappointed and did n't know what to do .	But , when she checked the tracking she saw that they were too far .
1	She found an ID and figured that she could turn it into the owner .	Instead , she decided to keep it for herself .
1	He wanted to do it the whole day .	He walked backwards through school .
0	He eats it all the time .	Devon loves candy .
1	I purchased tickets that were close to the court .	My team played one the game .
0	Some people stopped to watch her .	Linda was sketching in public .
1	Mark loves to play basketball with his friends .	He has played for 4 years .
1	Hanna 's sphincter clenched as tight as a snare drum .	She stared down the poor Pizza Hut employee .
1	First , he looked in his own bowl for some cat food .	He found no food there .
0	Unfortunately , the one she wanted was too expensive .	Rory really wanted a new bracelet .
0	In class she sat next to her and began to speak to her .	Amy had finally accepted her crush Ray was n't interested in her .
0	They chased her and bit her until she became very exhausted .	One day some dogs got into the back yard with Gretchen .
1	We started to playfully sword fight each other .	When I blocked Scott 's blade it stabbed into my hand .
0	She started going to more exercise classes to shape up .	Angela had gained some weight in her belly .
1	Rod loved a pit bull at the shelter .	But his friends said pit bulls were very violent dogs .
0	Sandy was soon back to normal , regularly going out and enjoying life .	They had a very fun evening and Sandy realized she had missed them .
1	It came down to overtime .	We ended up winning it 3 to 2 .
1	Perry was made fun of alot at school .	They called him names because of his weight .
0	I suggested we order food from out .	Dad does n't cook .
1	The Johnson family loved to go hiking .	They hiked every summer .
0	Fred has been tired of the marriage .	Vanessa and fred are married .
0	It brought us closer together as a couple .	We saw lots of marine life .
1	Karen wanted to meet a man .	She asked her friends and they did n't know anyone .
1	Suddenly , she noticed a garage sale .	She decided to check it out .
1	She hit them with a wooden spoon to hear the tone .	Kim moved the pots and pans in tone order .
0	Jim invited his friends to come over .	It was the day of the super bowl .
1	Gina was in no real hurry .	But she did n't like sitting in the traffic either .
1	But as soon as he climbed down into it , his chest tightened .	He began to panic , feeling that he was closed in too tightly .
1	His brother had just had a huge debt problem , so he told to avoid them	So Mike always was aware of the dangers the cards can bring .
1	Lucy wanted to follow in his footsteps .	Unfortunately she never got any call backs from her auditions .
1	Her mom always told her no horseplay in the house	One day she was roughing around the house
0	After a hard game , Tim 's team lost .	The opponent was from another school .
1	Eli was having some issues with certain sounds .	His teacher contacted his parents to let them know .
1	They decided to go on jungle trekking adventure .	They planned everything out perfectly .
0	She started running on her own .	Lee wanted to compete in a race .
1	However later that night she got sick .	She went to the doctor .
0	We finally got service at 7 o'clock .	I called the management as our unit still had no internet .
0	One day he decided that he was going to study all day .	Tyler was flunking out of college .
0	She pretended to be just sitting on the front porch .	She did n't want her parents to know .
1	Cindy bragged to her brother about how well she had done at bowling .	She had surpassed the best score he had ever gotten !
1	Nina was anxious to meet her little brother .	Soon , her dad brought her to the hospital .
1	He put on the stove and fried eggs .	But Eric was irritated when their house became hotter .
1	Billy had a favorite teddy bear when he was a kid .	Over the years he lost track of it and even forgot about it .
0	She took a metal spoon and tasted the sauce .	Kelsi was cooking some tomato sauce on the stove last night .
1	Mary was ready to sit back and relax .	She put on a movie and made some popcorn .
0	He played against a professional for his first game .	Larry had never played golf before .
1	Jamie was working on her computer when something bit her leg .	She got up to investigate and found a mosquito flying around her head .
1	But then Cade did a surprising thing to ease her mind .	He finished school- and began work as a television critic !
0	His flight was delayed due to weather .	Johnny was supposed to be going home after vacation .
0	Now his job is much easier .	He finally got the horse under control last week .
1	Taylor was very stressed out about her finals .	She studied for two solid weeks trying to prepare .
1	We stayed at a quiet hotel and had dinner .	We took the bus back to Boston .
0	Afterwards , we decided to talk outside for a few minutes .	We went against each other in Super Mario Brothers .
1	After job hunting for a month , Emily got a job as a secretary .	The quiet office kept Emily refreshed and ready for home-life .
0	Bob was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it .	When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself .
1	His mother gave him soup and vitamin C .	After that Tom felt much better .
1	He did n't think anyone loved him .	He did n't talk to anyone at school .
0	He worriedly checked on her , and she was okay .	His daughter fell from his arms .
0	He was going to show her ice fishing for the first time .	Lea , from Florida , was visiting her uncle in Minnesota .
0	But Nguyen decided to practice at home with friends .	His coach let him on the team , but reluctantly .
0	Rebecca had to call for help .	She was stuck at the end of the road .
0	On her birthday , she still had n't heard anything about a celebration .	But her best friend was n't mentioning any plans .
0	He drank the very hot chocolate .	Carson could barely wait one minute !
0	Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations .	Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better .
0	She was going to get a fish .	Sally went to the pet store the other day .
0	But then she saw a group of dolphins leap out of the ocean .	She over an hour and thought of leaving .
0	They told him to go pee before the three hour drive .	Keith 's parents were taking him to Disneyland .
1	Her mom said that she would have to earn the money .	Elizabeth spent the next few weeks doing all the chores she could .
1	Anna went out hunting with her dad .	She 'd never shot a gun , so she took her bow instead .
0	His mother checked on him when he got quite .	He sometimes finds things to get into .
0	When his dad grew old and ill , Kevin was unhappy .	Kevin 's dad had raised him alone after his mom left them .
0	Tom no longer wanted to be an adult .	They showed him the electric bill .
1	Her mom and dad talked to an employee .	They were able to get it back for her !
1	As he jogs more , he finds himself becoming stronger .	Finally Jasper runs in a local marathon .
1	The quarterback threw Mike a long pass .	The ball was in the air when Tom the defender got there .
1	She decided to take a sushi making class .	It was very difficult but worth it .
0	She decided to sneak out of her window .	Karen 's friends invited her out to a party .
0	Since that day , he was dead set on playing football .	Rick saw his first football game when he was five years old .
1	I called Centurylink to get internet .	The person on the phone asked for my information .
0	She sewed for a full day to make the best cat bed she could .	She got all the fabric she needed and sat down to work .
1	He put the star on the top most branch pointing upwards .	The star was so large compared to the tree however .
0	Once he filled the jug with everything he set it aside on the counter .	He boiled the water and steeped the tea bags .
1	The water was thick and cold .	Gators and snakes were in the water too .
0	Her shoe fell out and she ended up falling .	After putting it on , she climbed a couple of steps .
0	Now he has a lot of story ideas to write about .	Then he sat for a while and thought of new ideas .
1	Kate looked through the phone book for a qualified instructor .	Kate located an instructor that specializes in kickboxing .
1	On his first day , he met a beautiful woman that he talked to .	She soon became his girlfriend .
0	However , his carrots grew very well and tasted delicious .	The tomatoes and the lettuce did not grow well at all .
0	He bought a rat from the pet store .	Ted loved rodents .
0	We had several warranty issues about the horn and radio .	It was not a bad car .
1	I do it to teach them about giving .	We 'll do it again this year .
0	She surprised me with a puppy !	One day I was picked up from school by my step-mother .
1	Carl and Pablo were playing video games .	But they only had one controller because their 2nd one broke .
1	In fact she may have felt worse .	She lay her head on the table until the bell rang .
0	I was watching a movie later and recognized the same star .	The guest star portrayed a woman prisoner .
1	Andrew mowed his friends lawn .	He got the sixty dollars .
0	As the game commenced he realized he was in the zone for fly balls .	He entered the stadium and found his seat .
0	I waited for the first couple matches to be over with .	I entered the auditorium very nervous .
1	The announcer said her town had to evacuate .	The family packed their car and got on the road .
1	Sarah was baking hand pies .	First she had to make the crust and cut it into circles .
0	Joe refused the cigarette .	His friend Brad offered him a cigarettes later that night .
0	There was a pile of stuff in the box .	She checked the mail .
1	On his first day , Horace has many customers who order coffee .	He is very proud that he has finally opened a coffee shop .
0	On the day of the test , he felt very prepared .	He got help from a tutor .
0	She asked friends to call it hoping she could see the screen light up .	The worst thing was it was on silent .
0	He told his friends about the zoo and brought them there later .	He loved the Orangutans the most .
1	Classical music labels started issuing their own records .	Often the music was not recognizable as Christmas music .
1	Not wanting to be sent to bed , she quickly covered her mouth .	Mom saw the yawn and the cover-up and smiled .
1	Jason decides to stop by the bar on the way home from work .	He should n't drive after drinking so he does n't plan to stay long .
1	I read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention .	I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise .
0	He does n't get the job .	He messes up during it .
0	It was a tie game in the bottom of the last inning .	My son 's baseball team was playing for the town championship .
0	Her cell phone was n't charged .	Kim walked out to her car and had a flat tire .
1	Since i was demotivated , I wanted to drop out of the class .	The professor was irritated when he heard that .
1	The new neighbor in the townhome association was unusual .	He painted his townhouse a garish neon yellow color !
1	She always gets asked if her hair is real .	She always says it is .
0	My friend was shot and is in the hospital with a hopeful prognosis .	He started shooting at everyone in the room .
0	But soon Chris was skating just like an old pro !	At first he fell over and over .
0	Anna turned and fled quickly !	It snarled as though it was going to attack her .
1	On the list was going to the movies or taking a hike .	Mark made a list of pros and cons to each activity .
1	He found one that he really liked !	Jordan signed the lease for the new apartment .
1	His parents told him he was grounded until it was clean .	Jack decided he still did n't want to clean .
0	Irene was thrilled but nervous , and she practiced for days .	Her teacher called her aside and said he wanted Irene to sing a solo .
0	She followed it through the forest .	One day , Samantha saw a beautiful butterfly .
0	Fluffy followed the squirrel into the branches .	One day a squirrel in the yard ran up a tree .
1	As they had every time before , the cupcakes came out disgusting .	As a result , she gave up on making cupcakes .
1	Then she selected her stone .	Jade was so thrilled to get her one-of-a-kind wedding ring !
1	When he moved towards the front window , the lady appeared .	She gave him an ice cream .
0	Amy sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids .	Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes .
0	She gathered chips and punch and added them .	Mother made some turkey sandwiches .
1	He kept getting out of bed to have his father check it .	Finally , his father bought a lock for it .
0	He immediately called his landlord , unsure of what to do .	He investigated and discovered that a light switch was sparking .
1	After film school , Quentin decided to make it his career .	He made films about his adult friends talking and cussing .
0	Therefore , he slapped her .	He tried to make her stop but she would n't listen .
0	She did n't feel like doing another thing , but it winked at her .	It was the last one to do , but Tahar hesitated .
1	I need a lanyard because I have use of only one hand .	The part holding the phone to the lanyard snapped off .
0	A local school hosted the bazaar .	Last Saturday , my wife went to a Christmas bazaar .
0	It got put in the back of the fridge .	We bought a block of delicious cheese .
0	I gave him my name and my number to call me later .	The man asked me what my name was .
1	Robert ignored their warning and approached the ant hill with malice .	Robert started smashing the hill , causing the ants to land on Robert .
1	Every few weeks he would see it scamper under the house .	One day he tried to scare it out with live music .
1	She could not remember what she was supposed to say to pick someone !	Finally her friend Liz whispered the word goose as she walked by .
1	Bob is a worker in the CDC .	Late at night , a plane arrived from Mexico with a very sick passenger .
1	He cut down the tree and started crafting bows out of it .	The bows were so well balanced that all the pro 's wanted one !
0	When Oscar died , my mother was very sad .	Oscar was thirteen years old and getting slower .
1	He finally had enough .	He told them they could marry her , if they loved her that much .
0	To his surprise , they laughed !	Sadly , he asked locals about it .
0	Edit just stood back and waited for inspiration .	He took out all the food he had and lined it on his counter .
1	Cammie was out at the store .	She was coming home when she saw a commotion on her street .
0	When ready , she returned with the book she wanted to read next .	Gina gave the old book to the librarian .
0	A passerby stopped to give him a ride to the nearest gas station .	On the highway about halfway there , his tire blew on his car .
1	So on Christmas morning , And got a wonderful surprise .	He received a puppy with a shiny bow on it 's head !
1	Sarah saw a beautiful butterfly outside .	So she decided to catch it .
0	Jen quickly shut the water off and the water stopped rising .	Water started to back up through the shower drain and filled the tub .
1	In the evening Gio would work on his own business .	One night his business got a huge client .
1	Eventually he tried making her plain macaroni and cheese .	Ella loved the dish and Fred learned to keep meals simple for her .
0	My brother received a gaming console .	I noticed that my present was simply a slow globe with glitter inside .
1	Nate was failing a lot of classes .	He got a nerdy tutor girl to help him .
1	It is her favorite piece .	This year her dog knocked it over and shattered it .
1	He scanned the horizon back and forth for potential dangers .	The wind shifted and the flames roared towards the firefighters .
0	He dug a trench around the castle and kept watch .	Roy felt compelled to save the creation .
0	She said she just enjoyed spending time with me .	I played a game with my wife .
1	She wanted to try to breastfeed her baby .	Kiki found it to be more difficult than she thought it would be .
0	Jamal aces the exam .	Jamal is confident in his ability to pass .
0	He had two big brothers .	My friend Kenny lived in Dorchester , MA .
1	A nearby student was walking from class when he saw the caterpillar .	He observed it fall from the wall onto the ground .
1	Samantha wanted to buy a gift for her boyfriend , Doug .	She had a lot of money , but was n't sure what to buy .
0	There was an overly drunk man causing ruckus .	My friends and I went to a bar .
0	It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy .	However , she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview .
1	I could n't believe it when my niece decided to name her baby that .	Magdalena is a beautiful baby .
1	While all of his friends drink gin martinis , Horatio preferred vodka .	Finally one of his friends convinces Horatio to try a gin martini .
0	Len helped Ron install it and the place became cool and comfortable .	Len had an old window air conditioner he did n't use anymore .
0	Finally Laura can watch the movie .	She begrudgingly finishes her math homework .
1	He was very grateful for all of it .	It was a great birthday .
1	I decided to go as a chef .	I ca n't find any cartoonish chef hats available anywhere .
1	Her parents immediately put money under her pillow .	Maggie was happy .
1	He ordered two scoops of chocolate .	On top , he asked for some candy bits .
0	Dogs went for walks all the time , so cats should have the chance , too .	Milly decided she was going to take her cat for a walk .
0	Mom tried calling him just to make sure he was there .	Their mother told them to go to his office and surprise him .
0	Before I could collect myself , the clerk came running after .	A man came running out and slammed the door into my face .
1	Plotting out local gyms , he had come to choose between two .	The only problem was , he needed a gym partner and had none .
0	I want to get a job and start earning money .	I need to decide what to do with my life soon .
1	After making a copy she needed to put the key back .	The only problem was her mother was no longer napping .
1	In the meeting , his potential new employer , Ted , was brusque .	Deflated , Steve left , sure he had no chance but later , Ted called .
1	He was anxious to go door to door and get candy .	Halloween was his favorite holiday .
0	She spent more on gas picking it up then she 'd saved .	They ended up holding it at their warehouse for her .
1	Her mom walked her to her bedroom when they got to the house .	She had put Wendy 's toys and furniture in it so she 'd feel at home .
0	Then i got mad .	I was so distracted I ended up missing my stop .
0	When he stepped off the airplane , his contact was not there .	But his mother made him take a class in Mexico .
1	He got in the plane .	He put on his parachute .
1	Elena made a large turn into the highway .	Since the floors were slippery , the car fell of course .
0	It was all no use at all .	Cal tried some hairspray and even some gel .
1	He walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can .	When he put the last bag in the can , the whole thing fell over .
1	Duke 's coaches found out and had to kick him off of the team .	He was so upset he dropped out of school and did n't graduate .
1	Marie spent the next decade studying hard .	She accepted a job at NASA .
0	Unfortunately , she still got mistaken for a man .	She got tired of it so she grew her hair long .
0	She said she sure hoped I did n't want to kiss her .	When we were alone waiting in the car for her mom , Ann made a comment .
0	Finally the slipper was reduced to shreds .	He chewed on the slipper and fought with it .
1	Kelly had a drawing with her work last week about winning an iPad .	She never thought she would win but she tried anyway .
0	He had a slice and wanted more .	Donald got a delicious cake for his birthday .
1	His neighbor came to the door and tried to silence the dogs .	Jake thought that this would be an ongoing problem .
0	He told his mother to leave him alone .	Two young women came to the house , but her son refused to meet them .
0	The lady doing the enrollments announced a lunch break .	She was hungry .
0	The bears got sick .	Tim fed the bears .
0	No one called in so he began to fabricate requests .	The radio show host asked his audience for requests for the next song .
0	I realized how beautiful fish are when they 're still alive .	I recently went to an aquarium .
1	He ate good food and worked out at the gym .	Finally , he weighed enough to join the army .
1	It was big and red .	Thankfully i got medicine for it .
1	It was when they were fighting but she thought she threw it away .	One day the boyfriend found it .
0	Mandy decided to hire Oriel as his mechanic .	Mandy found a shop owned by Oriel .
1	He was glad to see his kitchen finally cleaned .	But when he and his family had dinner , the kitchen became a mess .
0	Rita accepted the offer and her siblings were very jealous .	One day Rita was asked to prom and her siblings were n't .
1	Tim decided to buy Jay a phone .	After that Jay was able to call home when he wanted .
1	Kate was a contestant on Survivor .	When her loved one came they played in a challenge .
0	Someone called the front desk for help .	She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed .
1	The animal was a skunk and it had sprayed Jennifer .	She never lets her dog out alone anymore .
0	Luckily he was not offended , and they both laughed it off .	It was disgusting .
1	My father has always pressured me to go to graduate school .	I always agreed , but I have had a hard time with college lately .
0	Emily can ride her bike with her friends now !	She was able to learn with her friend 's help .
0	Ever since I quit , I 've had nightmarish memories about it .	I used to dance at a strip club .
1	Jeremy 's friends wanted him to meet a certain girl .	They would always invite this girl and Jeremy to parties .
1	She started the timer but forgot to cover it .	When she came back , the microwave was covered with food .
1	He collected as many as he could .	His parents ' entire basement was given over to giant train sets .
0	After an hour , Sam 's mother started yelling at her .	Stan likes the friend , Sam , and wanted to get to know her better .
0	She had never been before .	Kayla could n't wait to go horseback riding .
1	She did n't want to take a bath .	Her parents made her take a bath anyway .
0	But Gina had no idea when she arrived .	It said it was 1:05 PM .
1	I wished they had n't posted them .	Then I realized that I should n't hate the way I look .
0	My boyfriend I had broken up .	One night I was feeling pretty down .
1	Laura was bored , and decided to have a catnip party .	She brought out the bag of catnip , and scattered it on the carpet .
0	He went on facebook to start insulting people .	Kyle was mad at all the politically correct statements .
1	One day , I broke a customer 's furniture .	He sued me and I lost .
1	She told him that was a great example .	The teacher gave the student a gold star .
0	Kim insisted she only spoke facts .	She wanted to know why Kim was telling lies about her and Ben .
1	That 's why she spent days looking for the perfect costume .	She now wore her half angel and half demon disguise to the party .
1	She did not make the cut and never tried out again .	I could n't watch her play basketball for the rest of high school .
0	He reviewed many popular charities .	He wanted to increase global well being .
1	An angry man informed Amy the bus was broken .	Amy returned home rather than wait 2 hours for a new bus .
0	Bill loved to see the various entries in the parade .	Bill decided to attend the Thanksgiving parade for the first time .
1	She called off sick to work that day .	That day an airplane crashed into the building she worked at .
0	Dan buys a new pair of boots that looks the same as his old ones .	Finally his friends convince him to buy a new pair .
1	Nita called the number on the tag .	Soon , the dog 's happy owner came to retrieve him .
0	Clare decided to watch her diet more carefully .	And eventually , she got sick .
1	Two of his friends helped with the preparations .	On the day of the barbecue everything was going well until it rained .
0	They did not speak for weeks .	Ben had a spat with his best friend .
0	Tyler took it inside excitedly and opened it .	Finally , the mailman came one day with the package .
0	One day the manager caught him eating the food .	He often would eat the food while he prepped it .
0	He smacked me in the head with a broom and made me fall .	He waited till I was hanging upside from a tree branch .
1	She is big , and makes it hard for one of us to stretch out .	My wife put pillows in the corners , forcing Tibby into the middle .
0	Sandy noticed that her chips were gone and became mad .	They also left the bag on the table without throwing it away .
1	George 's father had no idea where they were going .	When they reached the stadium , George 's father was so excited !
1	She received a call from Spelman College offering her a job .	So she dropped out of law school for an administration job .
1	Tracy discovered Doug lied about his feelings .	Tracy is now considered a murderer for killing Doug .
1	There was an abundance of freshly harvested vegetables .	We purchased spinach , broccoli , and yams .
0	She really wanted a fresh donut , hot out of the machine .	Megan was at a donut shop .
1	She reached into her pockets .	However she could n't find her plane ticket anywhere .
1	The little girl waked to the barn .	She struggled to open it 's door .
1	She was hit repeatedly by some larger men and bruised quite badly .	Betty realized a massive pillow fight is a horrible idea .
0	The person was nice but seemed a little unsure about answering Carol .	She found the local college and spoke to someone about taking classes .
1	It was determined she needed her gallbladder and appendix out .	Lindsay scheduled the surgery .
1	Julia and Michelle deciding to go blueberry picking on a summer day .	They went to the closest berry farm .
0	When the book arrived he opened the package with excitement .	James bought a new book online .
1	Sam walked into the kitchen .	He noticed a toy figure on the counter .
1	Christian went upstairs , sat at his desk , and worked on his homework .	Christian turned his homework into the teacher the next day .
0	After his opponent fell , Trevor shot the ball right into the net .	He is the captain of his team so it was vital that he won .
1	Today she made six snowballs .	She threw and hit me with every single one .
0	He kept the weeds away .	Sam took the seeds and planted them .
0	He loved spending time at local record stores .	Pete was a big music fan .
0	He saw the mother sitting in the nest a few minutes later .	Chris put the nest into the tree quickly and walked away .
0	Now Jake ca n't get them to stop , they 're having so much fun .	When they saw it was safe , his family joined him .
0	He plays speed chess , in which a player has only 3 minutes .	Tim is my chess partner .
1	He would always play , but I was never included .	He told me once I got better that I could play with him .
1	The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison .	I was happy that I no longer had to fear her .
1	They sold out within an hour !	Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club .
0	Now he had find a way to make money today !	He needed to pay bills today , but his money was all gone .
0	Oscar 's oyster was far from useless that day !	One day the oyster opened with a pearl inside !
0	Lewis decided to keep the lucky silver dollar .	Lewis noticed that it was a shiny silver dollar .
1	Susan took her family to a dude ranch for vacation .	She went for a long horse ride on the second day .
0	He then went through all his pockets for any drugs .	Raul looked in his stash box for his weed but it was empty .
0	He was so happy !	He had never had a paid vacation before .
0	When his daddy entered , both males cried with joy !	He dressed up and waited eagerly for his daddy at the door .
0	His wife and all of her friends found no problem with Tom	Tom married a woman who was deaf and could not hear his singing .
1	A little purple flower was poking through .	Even though there was snow , the crocuses knew it was springtime .
1	I spent an hour looking for the assignment .	When she told me , I was irritated .
1	He decided that he would build an adobe she 'd like his grandpa did .	He looked up instructions online and wrote them down .
0	She put everything into categories .	She started sorting them .
0	I introduced myself to my partner and asked her for her name .	The teacher assigned us to a partner for an assignment .
1	Tim got a new set of boots .	They were black and glossy .
0	They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it 's place .	When she got to the store , the blue dress was sold out .
1	But , when she checked the tracking she saw that they were too far .	She was really disappointed and did n't know what to do .
0	She is convinced she wants to work in the health field .	Jasmine spent time talking to recruiters and reading pamphlets .
0	After a few years , she did not notice anything change .	Day after day , she would watch stock prices rise and fall .
0	After she is complete , Sarah feels happy .	When they 're gone she uses a hose to get dirt off her porch .
1	Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people .	Then , Chaz asked the guests to leave for a bit .
1	She really was happy to have her party .	When her friends arrived they gave her presents .
0	He decided to join a boxing team at his local gym .	He was small for his age , and not very strong .
1	One man at the back of the gym approached .	He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took his money .
0	He could barely understand the game .	He thought it was very boring .
0	Amy cried tears of joy when she saw the small brown dog .	Amy 's mom brought the small brown dog home to Amy .
0	He never grows a beard again .	Joseph decides to shave it .
1	He rushed through traffic .	All of a sudden his car started giving him a warning .
1	Rhonda has been ready to take a beach vacation for months .	She has been going to the gym to lose weight .
0	Before the discussion started , my math teacher went to the bathroom .	My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom .
1	Jack ran home and told his dad all about the puppy .	His dad told him that he could n't get the puppy .
1	The kite flew away .	Her father reprimanded her severely over it .
0	He was about to watch TV when his boss called him .	He was really tired from such a busy day .
0	The mountain was incredibly steep , and Ned had trouble with the climb .	While there , he made plans to hike a mountain , to Machu Picchu .
1	He asked his manager to buy a guitar for him .	The guitar had once belonged to Elvis Presley .
1	She turned up the television to drown out the background noise .	Her brothers continued to yell and play wrestle with each other .
1	Rob had missed Amber very much	Rob had called Amber up and apologized for his wrong doings
1	However one day she was bitten by her poodle .	The poodle was brand new and needed to be trained .
1	Joe had recently graduated from college .	He applied to various jobs everywhere .
0	No one was interested so she brought in farm animals to attract kids .	She decided to throw a town festival to raise money .
1	Sarah always wanted to have a pet cat .	Sarah 's mom knew Sarah was too young for her own pet .
1	He tried to shuffle the cards but he dropped the deck .	Cards went all over the table .
0	Susan decided to sell her house .	She just retired this past month .
1	It was time for the airplane to land at the airport .	The pilot radioed the control tower .
0	He let Meg borrow it .	Tim bought a new Harp .
0	He had a great time and felt happy with his dog .	He left to the park with his dog instead .
1	Billy 's mother set his alarm clock , so he could get up on his own .	Billy turned off the alarm as soon as she left .
0	They lost the first 3 by large margins .	They only needed to win one of their remaining four games
0	Lakyn was very worried about him picking a ring she would n't like .	Lakyn and her her boyfriend had been discussing engagement .
0	She got ready to get down on all fours .	Jane liked this part of the routine the best .
1	Because of this , he was able to invite all his friends .	Ron 's friends praised him for this generosity and threw him a party .
1	Bill owned a large herd of bulls .	He would always take them out to the fields to graze .
1	Ronald bowls very well .	He is happy that he found something to do with his friends .
0	He fixed a letter which was off in the forwarder .	Marty checked to see if everything was set up correctly .
1	The old man thanked Sally for a nice visit and they parted ways .	Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away .
1	He saved a few hundred dollars .	Then he went to the dealership .
0	The loan officer reviewed their credit report and denied the loan .	They found one the loved and applied for a mortgage at the bank .
1	Adrian was a fine art consultant for a gallery in Newport Beach .	The gallery showcased the most expensive art in the world .
0	There was Thomas 's puppy all covered in dirt .	He followed his puppy 's steps across the grass .
1	I recently went to an aquarium .	I realized how beautiful fish are when they 're still alive .
1	He fell and hurt his knee .	He started to cry .
1	After the fourth game they forgot to count points .	They decided that the score was not that important .
0	Then , we headed off !	We packed the car full of snacks .
0	Jane learned that squirrels are fast .	Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened !
1	Rick was playing in his yard when a kitten walked over .	Rick and the kitten played in the yard .
1	One day Dave asked me out for lunch .	I accepted and he raped me .
1	Bobby had just enough money for chocolate from the vending machine .	He pushed the buttons for the candy he wanted .
0	When she opened her presents though , there was no bike .	When Christmas came Susie was so excited .
0	As the boy grew , Linda noticed his hair darken and straighten .	Linda loved it when strangers complimented her boy 's blonde curls .
0	She never thought about where eggs came from .	Abby was a city girl .
0	His team was playing the Seattle Seahawks .	Billy is a big Patriots fan and was very excited for Super Bowl 49 .
0	He kept seeing this ad for a great pillow on TV .	Reading up on it , he realized that he needed a better pillow .
0	She did n't go outside .	Judy was always worried about what other people thought of her .
0	Sebastian gets scared by the monkey .	He runs into the monkey exhibit when a monkey jumps out .
0	When a team member was late , everyone had to run extra .	Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am .
1	Johns mom stopped over shortly after Christmas .	She noticed the empty basket and smiled .
1	She drove around the city looking for her lost pet .	Eventually , she found her lost dog and brought it home .
0	Jim was grateful to have a good friend .	Jim 's friend bought him a new book .
1	Finally , the mailman came one day with the package .	Tyler took it inside excitedly and opened it .
0	Billy was not happy about this .	His parents made him go to summer school .
0	My colleagues and I looked around for something to do .	Work was incredibly slow for a Friday .
1	But nobody wanted the gross applesauce .	One day , Sarah accepted it .
0	After a year , Ashley danced in her first recital .	Everyday Ashley practiced her dance moves .
1	She put her newfound cooking knowledge to work for the parties .	The food was a hit and her parties livened up her schedule .
1	The only way to ease the pain was to get another dog immediately .	Max and the puppy got along well although Max only had a year to live .
1	She was excited , but nervous .	Her family was there to greet her at the airport .
0	Inside they checked the news .	They decided to go inside just to be safe .
1	Courtney loves to play the lottery .	She has a special system she uses to pick her numbers .
0	He was not sure what was causing his dandruff .	Javier noticed that he was developing dandruff .
0	Lucy thought it might be better to see a different one instead .	Grandpa asked if she wanted to wait for the next movie .
1	For the next decade and a half , the two were inseparable .	Jake got very sick and Jason had to put him down .
0	Jim goes to see his son play in the band .	Joe has been asked to join a band .
0	He did n't like the music that the DJ was playing .	Bernard was at the local club .
0	His partner told him that the nerves go away in time .	Every time he responds to calls he gets very worried .
0	But the ice was hard to scrape off .	Gina needed to clean the ice from her windshield .
0	Jeff was really mean .	He soon met a guy named Jeff .
1	She decided to change it to March .	However , her mother June was n't happy about it .
0	In addition , we used the exercising equipment to work out .	When his friend visited him at the park , both of them started to run .
1	She spent hours swimming at the beach .	At the end of the day , Sasha 's face and shoulders were very red .
1	My friend Kenny lived in Dorchester , MA .	He had two big brothers .
0	She sped around the track like a blur .	The starting gun fired and she was off like a flash .
0	The team member got caught doing it .	He ended up finding another candidates confidential info .
0	Molly really loved that cat .	One day , Molly 's mother bought her a little cat .
0	She tried to eat some chips but she still craved something .	Miranda had a craving for something salty .
1	I decided to learn how to cook .	I researched hobby cooking classes available nearby .
1	Then she found her seat .	She took a deep breath and prepared for take off .
0	Everybody clambered onto lifeboats .	He decided to continue on when they were struck by a torpedo .
0	Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all !	She brought Marina in to read to the seniors on her birthday .
0	Dave got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair .	Seconds later the chair broke and Dave fell .
1	The waitress came to our table with the bill .	Tina offered to pay for the meal .
0	Later , Teresa 's kids ran into the house happy and excited .	It was a hot summer day and the stand became busy .
0	Chris tried to start a fight but Steve said let 's race .	His girlfriend said Steve was looking at her .
0	After a month of fat-free food , Emmy got on the scale .	She loaded her cart , picturing the weight she 'd lose .
1	Bob shoveled his driveway .	Bob 's car had a clear path to the road .
0	A bee had stung her eyelid .	Suddenly she started screaming and crying .
0	Her boss noticed she was sick and sent her home .	She went to work despite being sick .
0	To her dismay , Elisa found out the microwave was broken .	Elise was trying to make some tea in the microwave .
0	He quickly snuffed the fire and ordered takeout instead .	Upon returning the entire oven was on fire and the oil bubbling over .
0	Her creation turned out so well she painted more .	One day she decided to paint animals on large , smooth rocks .
1	Luckily , the firecracker was a dud .	I was much more careful after that incident .
0	Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire .	The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire !
0	She tasted the chili again but this time it tasted abnormally sweet .	She grabbed a bottle of chili powder and added some to the pot .
1	She asked her grandma to teach her .	Now Suzy is working on her own scarf .
1	She was shunned by people she trusted for asking questions .	Ultimately she decided to let it all go to focus on her own happiness .
0	He decided to go watch a love movie by himself .	But Eli did n't seem to care .
1	There was a kid named Tim .	Tim had a big yellow snake .
0	Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it .	But he quickly realized he could n't finish it all .
1	One day he found a lump on his arm that did n't go away .	Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor .
0	Kelly now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother .	She watched the video and practiced a lot .
1	He is talking very loud .	Someone next to Ferdy wants him to shut up .
0	They boys looked up at the boy on the cliff with disapproval .	The fourth boy , still on the cliff , looked down at the boys .
1	In 2009 my wife wanted to see the Christmas lights on Boston Common .	We had not gone in years .
0	But when Anna got off the bus that afternoon , she was smiling .	Her parents had no money to buy her a backpack .
0	To her surprise , a girl in class asked to sign Andrea 's yearbook .	She felt left out as the popular girls exchanged autographs .
0	He found a thermometer and took his temperature .	Fred woke up one day with a very bad headache .
0	Within a year of having it the television broke .	He declined it .
0	She was excited to see what computers were all about .	Amy was in the media center in her school library .
1	A man went on a hike and found a cave in the side of a hill .	He took out his flashlight and began to explore .
0	They misbehaved .	The teacher took her students on a field trip .
1	The 50 people who showed up applauded him .	Mark packed up his equipment and went home .
1	Jeff loves caffeine , he drinks it all day .	Sometimes it 's in the form of coffee or energy drinks .
1	It was supposed to arrive in a few days .	Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone .
1	Jim looked on the Internet until he found the perfect one .	Jim and his family finished their swing set right as the sun set .
1	Erick was in 2nd grade	His parents just bought him a brand new bike with training wheels
0	Chad invites his friends to come watch him in the show .	He finds a show in Vegas and enters .
0	At the audition she was perfect .	She went over the script for weeks in preparation .
0	He has been doing this job for forty Year 's .	Ed is a school bus driver .
1	Yesterday , he was outside shoveling by himself .	I felt guilty sitting in my nice , warm apartment .
0	It must have taken hours for Mattie to decide on what she wanted .	Mattie ran up and down the library aisles to find the perfect books .
1	He showed off his brand new shoes to everyone .	Mike told everyone his shoes would help him play better .
0	He worked on weekdays for his primary job .	He started a second job just to be able to get by .
1	It was her first time ever !	She was excited to play in the waves .
0	He asked his mother if he could play in the snow .	Bob saw the snow falling outside his room window .
0	Tripping his way through the darkness to vomit , he slid down a slope .	When his unit went on patrol that night , the retching became too much .
0	Finally , he arrives at his hotel .	The bus from the airport to the city is very slow .
0	Marcus was an auto mechanic who promised her a good life .	Lisa was twenty years old and pretty .
0	Everyone was fine after	The band manager was there and settled it down .
0	After making adjustments , the hotel is doing better financially .	Mike hired a consultant .
0	Now Nicole is dating the man she crushed on .	Soon after , John invited her along to his weekend plans .
1	He could barely walk around wearing all that stuff !	Bob earned a bunch of points for his contributions that day .
0	He saved the money so he could buy himself a new sports car .	The salesman made a lot of money that day .
0	The bread and tripled in size and was burning .	I followed the recipe but I must have made a mistake .
0	While at the contest I desperately needed to pee .	As a child I visited an unfamiliar school for an academic contest .
1	She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil .	Gina took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle .
0	She attended .	Her friends invited her to a Christmas party .
0	She had n't packed them well and now they were sticky and messy !	But when lunch time came , she got a surprise .
1	Nina really wanted Italian food for dinner .	She ordered takeout from the pizzeria .
0	After high school , I got to know some of them .	They were always dressed in black and had piercings .
1	He applied for many jobs but had no responses .	Eventually he asked his friends for help .
0	The girls caught each other up on their day before heading to class .	She ran over and hugged her .
0	He was hoping to buy his first home .	Bud went to a foreclosure auction .
1	He always ended up getting his phone frozen .	Chris missed the time when smart phones did n't exist .
0	That morning , she followed a recipe she had found online .	His mother asked her to bring cranberry sauce .
1	She was starting to have a hard time finding anything new .	Then , she noticed a show that she had always heard of but never seen .
1	Jane has been looking for her ever since .	The authorities have refused to help her .
0	There were all kinds to choose from .	Her daddy took her to the animal shelter to look .
1	He tried a third , but they had closed early that night !	Finally Noah bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !
0	I recycled the cans and got money for it .	I drove to the grocery store .
1	Then we put it all in the big glass mixing bowl and stir it up .	Mixing pancakes is hard work but Grandma makes it fun .
1	Jim got up and argued with him .	The man decided to throw a punch at Jim .
1	Then , she had to wait an hour .	Finally , they drew some blood to test it .
0	Lily decided to end things with Steve .	One day Steve upset Lily .
0	He gave her some great medicine .	She brought her to a dermatologist .
0	I went to the vet and bought medicine for the pet .	I called the vet and he said the fish was sick .
0	Mike laughed at the people he called his snowball peasants .	The person ran away from Mike .
0	It was a small venue with only one bathroom .	I once went to a concert where Dan Bern was performing .
0	Now the neighbors never stop and Mavis is lonely in her garden .	She built a tall wall around the garden to protect it .
1	Oliver had made the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner .	It ended up coming out very dry .
0	They seemed to look like instruments .	I kept seeing large items go by with INC painted on them .
1	However , my aunt gave a slick comment about my other aunt .	They immediately began to bicker at each other .
1	Alia drank tea quite often during the week at work .	Her coworker Marc had wanted to quit drinking coffee .
1	Leon always had trouble remembering important dates .	He had tried different methods of remembering them .
0	He started looking at his radio .	He was on the highway .
1	Gina had taken 30 minutes to calm down after a bad morning .	She sat at her desk and began her math assignment .
1	When it dried , she slicked on another coat .	Her nails came out beautifully !
0	When he was out of targets he shut off the hose .	The man laughed as he destroyed the targets .
1	He had planned this trip for two weeks .	He had been skiing for four hours when he realized he was lost .
0	She made a chicken casserole .	Lisa was making dinner for her parents .
0	His face began to swell up and the school nurse treated him .	Felix ran to a nearby teacher and asked for help because of the pain .
1	Little Jimmy loved playing with legos .	His parents would always get mad that he would n't put them away .
0	They are also best friends outside of work .	Mary and Cindy work together in the office .
1	The father tested the lights .	Three of the strands were burned out .
0	A bundle of nerves , she was trying to calm down .	She had practiced recited her marriage vows until she was ready .
1	I needed to get my nails done .	The nail artist painted them purple .
1	We walked up and down several streets .	The kids collected a lot of candy throughout the night .
0	I prefer to have fresh veggies on my pizza .	To pick out pizza toppings .
1	An archeologist was studying some old ruins .	His team discovered an old tunnel and decided to explore it .
0	Her friend held her hand while they pierced her ears .	She went to the piercing parlor with her friend .
1	I went skiing with my family .	I went off on my own on the mountain .
1	Martin and his older brother Jim went to the amusement park .	Martin was afraid of heights .
0	The room got better after we sealed the windows .	My wife and I had to seal up the windows
0	To be artsy , the artist used yellow paint for the water .	He tried to mix other colors to make blue but to no avail .
0	Billy said to just lean forward and use both legs .	He did not want to fall .
1	Then , she burned her tongue .	She had to run cold water on it to reduce the pain .
1	We helped them move and waved goodbye .	They moved back to New England in 2001 , much to our joy .
0	She was just told that the place was bought out by an Italian owner .	They have the best burritos and she goes there almost daily .
0	Matt opened up YouTube to watch cat videos .	Matt enjoys watching videos online .
1	As soon as they entered the park the youngest girl ran away .	Tegan searched and searched for her .
0	In the end , he was on time to work and the man brought him a donut .	He ended up getting towed .
1	He wanted dinner .	He started whining .
0	Julie went home and saw in the mirror how red she was .	After a few hours , she had a feeling that she had forgotten something .
0	He had two bills to pay and it was three days before he got paid .	Bryan only had one hundred dollars in his checking account .
0	It was the most peaceful place I 've ever visited .	The clubs and coffee shops were like another world .
1	Jerry asked his father if they can talk .	He confessed that he 's homosexual .
0	The boat set sail and carried them far out into the sea .	The gathered their gear and made their way to the small boat .
1	She watched the videos .	Lillah performed the songs she learned for her family .
1	He learned how to make unique shapes with his tongue .	He performed those new tricks at parties and received applause .
1	Twas the night after the first day of junior high .	Amy and her friend Beth were on the phone .
1	Mike was hungry .	There was leftover pizza on the table .
0	It was cold , so he put on his robe .	He got out of bed to turn the alarm off .
1	She went on one with her friends .	The girls started finding many objects .
0	He had to walk , but it was snowing .	Sean needed to go to the bank .
1	We rented out a log cabin in the woods .	It was supposed to be just the two of us .
1	Jim chased it down , running fast , but the hat was gone .	Jim wished he had n't gone out in his new hat .
0	Pete went home to practice for the kazoo tryout .	The director suggested that he switch to kazoo .
0	Julius explained how the walls were thin andy made a lot of noise .	He went to their door and knocked loudly .
0	The big day came .	They was so excited about getting 2 weeks vacation .
1	One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck .	She was enjoying her snow cone .
1	Khloe decided to have friends over for a drink night .	She invited several of her good friends for drinks .
1	Emily was tired of the poor quality of apples at her local store .	Emily instead bought an apple tree at her local greenhouse .
0	Getting bored , Jane bet her husband that he would miss his putt .	Nevertheless , here she was with her husband at the sixth hole .
1	He lived in a big urban city .	He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk .
1	He followed his suspect very carefully and apprehended him .	After apprehending the suspect , he questioned him intensely .
1	I was driving down the street one day .	Suddenly , my car started shaking and then it stopped .
0	His dad told him that he could n't get the puppy .	Jack ran home and told his dad all about the puppy .
1	Tom put two bagel slices in his toaster .	But he realized he had no cream cheese .
1	Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot .	When the results came in she had seen that she won .
1	Zack had loved animals since he was a child .	His dream was to create a zoo full of his favorite animals .
1	Sam was reading the book out loud in class .	After she finished read one page , she tried to flip the page .
1	The insect filled Sam with great terror .	He ran from the room and slammed the door behind him .
0	He always wanted the best for everyone and helped whenever he could .	His son was a good boy , he had brown curly hair and kind eyes .
0	He asked Sadie if she wanted to go out on a date .	Suddenly , a boy approached their table .
0	In it was a scene with kids catching butterflies .	Tony saw a movie he thought was funny .
1	Ty 's mom wanted to shop online .	The only problem was that she did n't have a credit or debit card .
0	We decided to book another one !	Alas , when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise .
1	Reggie was proud of having 12 years without a car accident .	Reggie needed to go to a nearby store .
1	He wandered through the barren streets of Chicago at night .	He noticed he was being followed , by who or what , he did n't know .
1	At first she was apprehensive .	She thought she would look silly .
1	Jerome was hit and killed by three bullets !	Poor Jerome was the victim of a drive-by shooting .
1	This caused his car to slide clear off of the road and into a ditch .	The impact caused a tree to fall right on top of the car .
0	Lucy rolled down the window , stuck out her head and watched .	They were stuck so long the fireworks began to go off ahead of them .
1	I built a ramp about halfway down the hill .	When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast .
0	Jenny said she left her textbook at school .	Her brother Jamie asked her why she was crying .
1	Mark learned to climb well and started to like hiking .	They started hiking together on weekends .
0	But his friends said pit bulls were very violent dogs .	Rod loved a pit bull at the shelter .
0	Finally , Joel checked the local newspaper .	He needed a place to live , but could n't find anything affordable .
1	I went to Bestbuy to get an iPad yesterday .	Unfortunately three of them had no more in stock .
1	But , to show my love I hung it up in my living room .	My son was happy and our relationship grew stronger .
0	Gina let her yell for 20 minutes about the betrayal .	Drea was furious .
0	One year there was a terrible snowstorm .	Pastor Brown lived next door .
0	Suddenly , the plane began to work again and Jared thanked God .	The plane began to fall as Jared prepared to tell the passengers .
1	Beth was supportive and helped calm Amy 's nerves .	After the phone call Amy felt better .
0	They spent the morning talking about their design .	Roxy and Sam had everything they needed to make a huge sand castle .
0	He was very sure that he would end up alone and bitter .	He was born with birth defects , and his club foot was amputated .
0	He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese .	He had too much food , so he decided to share .
0	George danced with all his might , and frightened the other dancers .	He expected that everyone had the kind of energy that he has .
0	He started running more than he ever had before .	One day , he got an exercise ball .
1	I looked at the news and saw there was a festival .	I got in my car and drove to the event .
0	She had been trying for years .	Emily was going to jail , and she was excited .
0	He brought it back to the surface to open .	In the lowest part of the lake he found a chest with a lock .
0	Bill was ousted as a moderator for his strictness .	When it was large , the community rebelled against Bill .
0	She did n't expect any response at all , from such a graphic tale .	The story she wrote was about the terrible childhood she 'd had .
1	He went to the bathroom and lathered his face in shaving cream .	He then used a razor to shave his face .
0	Wanda followed the guide and happily enjoyed her new pond .	She looked online and saw a tutorial to make a pond with an old tire .
1	She attended the party and was surprised they were serving liquor .	Jean 's boss got drunk and began hitting on her .
0	She was to take things out of boxes to put on the floor .	She was told she would be working in the stockroom .
0	He had finally bought a house to move into .	Jeff had lived in an apartment all his life .
0	We promised to hang out , but she had to go to work .	When I went to visit my aunt , no one was home .
1	He was in a full cast .	When he went back to school all the kids wanted to sign it .
1	There was this kid that lived a few houses down street .	Her name was Jackie .
1	Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up .	I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job .
1	Yesterday Lauren decided to go for a walk in the woods .	The woods are n't dense and are right behind her house .
0	A paramedic at the scene revived the woman and shipped her off .	A woman inside was overdosing on drugs .
1	One day , the rabbit started getting very fat .	The girl was worried about the rabbit , and so she took it to the vet .
1	He got mad and threatened me .	Unfortunately , I had to give him $ 50 dollars .
0	I immediately walked away .	I tried to speak over him but he would n't stop .
0	He had missed and got knocked out .	He opened his eyes and saw the sky .
1	Jo went up to the rooftop to work on her tan .	She spread a blanket on the tar roof and nodded off .
1	Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas .	Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP .
0	We forgot the oars and had to hand paddle all the way back !	It was lunch time so we decided to head back home .
0	We live in Boston and it is cold in the winter .	On December 27 , 2010 , I decided to go for a swim .
0	He was moving pieces and putting them in other places .	Paul tried to look at my project .
0	She did n't know how we could stand the heat !	She watched in awe as the artist worked with the molten glass .
1	I could tell the substitute was overwhelmed after a few days .	So , I was not surprised when he quit .
1	He tried to break into the safe to test out its strength .	Jim swung a bat at the safe but nothing happened .
0	She decided to carry both keys with her .	She had the copy made at her local grocery store .
1	Since she liked school , Abby usually got good grades .	But Abby had the ACT coming up and she was very nervous .
0	His friends helped him find a good spot to hunt .	Barney went on his first hunting trip .
0	When Mel 's son got older , his son son moved away .	He loved the one on one time he spent with his son .
0	I could n't believe how terrible I felt .	When I finished my salad I felt nausea .
0	I have about 30 pieces of original art .	The original artwork is xeroxed and used to produce strips or books .
0	The program was challenging , and he got into great shape .	Deciding the race looked like fun , he started a training program .
1	The barber took the electric razor and was finished in two minutes .	Tim sat there , stunned at his new look .
0	So she started studying and never stopped .	Jen was incredibly worried about her English test .
0	Phyllis went home and never returned his calls .	Josh stuck to that plan and was too awkward to make a move .
0	The earth shook and an avalanche of rocks fell down .	He and a friend rode motorcycles in a canyon .
1	Callie was entering a beauty pageant .	She hoped to win .
1	He returned to strain the spaghetti but everything stuck to the pot .	He forgot to stir the spaghetti noodles and dinner was ruined .
0	I decided to use the fireplace .	I was cold .
1	Alice decided she would look for a recipe to bake a pie .	Alice found her grandmother 's recipe .
1	She cleaned the tank every week .	Amy 's fish were happy and lived a long time !
1	I 've always wanted to be able to dunk a basketball .	I can touch the rim but I ca n't quite get the ball over the rim .
0	We decided to hang out around campus before going home .	After taking the exams , I decided to get together with a few friends .
1	As he grew up , his passion for toys grew with him .	As an adult , Andy opened a toy museum and shared his love with others .
0	He reconnected the loose power cord and fixed it .	He took it apart and using youtube he found the problem .
0	I know it 's morning when I hear the bird 's crow .	He always gets so very high .
1	After many attempts , she finally caught a fish !	Lorraine felt great that she had become a fly fisher .
0	He took his family into their basement with supplies .	Bill checked the news and saw a tornado warning on all channels .
0	Her hair was dark so she had to bleach it first .	Taylor wanted to have blond hair .
0	During their trip , they got stuck behind a lady with many kids .	They decided to grocery shop together .
0	My niece is a big fan of Frida Kahlo .	The painting was from 1928 .
1	Nancy bought her dog a squeaky stuffed animal .	The dog loved it and carried it around constantly for days .
1	They are cut down to make chopsticks .	There needs to be a better solution .
0	He snapped shots of all his classmates at work and at play .	So he decided to create his own photography album .
1	It was their favorite vacation destination growing up .	They opened up a Flip Flop shops to make some money .
1	The shopper saw a homeless man shivering in the alleyway .	He gave up his place in the line and brought a gift back from his car .
1	Jim was eating leftovers .	He hated eating yesterday 's dinner .
1	He wondered if he 'd be able to make new friends , or keep his old ones .	After the move , Matt 's fears turned out to be unwarranted .
1	Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged Libby to stay late .	Libby was kind and needed money badly , so she agreed .
1	On one particular business trip , he visited a whiskey bar .	He was overwhelmed with the selection of fine whiskeys .
0	I would climb walls , play sets and especially trees .	When I was little I loved climbing .
1	I was showering .	I noticed my shower head was slightly broken .
1	She started to have a difficult time in paying her bills every month .	So she got a second job .
1	Erin hates roller coasters .	Erin and her friends are going to an amusement park .
0	She was happy that I did and it was worth it , though .	I could barely make it through .
0	They were the prettiest pink and very much perfect .	Caroline recently got her nails done .
1	He had been trying to work a full time job and pastor a church too .	It was a huge responsibility and he was just worn out .
1	One day he decided to pay Will to do his homework for him .	Martin enjoyed not having to do his homework .
0	She tries to play with him but he does n't want to leave the cage .	The hamster is very shy and timid .
0	Her friends told her that salmon was delicious and she should try it .	Maxine had tried eating tuna before but had never eaten salmon .
0	She had absolutely no intention of trying to drive to the store .	Karen 's kids decided they wanted ice-cream in the middle of a blizzard
0	Bob wants to marry Ann someday but is worried he ca n't .	Ann 's mom disapproved of Bob 's religion .
0	Her phone flew out of her hand .	Kathy was talking on the phone when she slipped on a patch of ice .
0	One day his dad said they could build one .	He always dreamed of building a treehouse .
0	Amy loved it so much she ate it the next day as well .	She had no idea there was fast food Chinese food .
1	One night , she told her son how badly the dentures hurt .	The very next day , a dentist called , confirming her appointment .
0	He likes the honey , but thinks brown sugar tastes better .	He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead .
1	Suddenly , Ben felt something crawl across his back .	He screamed and whirled around in his chair .
1	The little boy brought his bike home .	He was not wearing his helmet .
0	The teacher heard about it .	He had the whole class believing them .
1	She decided to go on a run .	She searched her house for her running shoes .
1	Tim usually took the stairs up to his office .	One day he decided to try the elevator .
1	After eating , I wanted to exercise instead of logging our specimen .	We played on the jungle gym and put off our work .
1	Amy did n't know any of Ray 's other friends .	She worried she would n't have anyone to talk to other than Ray .
1	It had snowed and there was a beautiful blanket of snow on the ground .	Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go build a snowman .
1	All week the restaurant featured many onion specials .	By the end of the week there were few onions left .
1	He found an affordable sedan he wanted .	Jerald bought the sedan .
1	She asked her dad to take her to guitar class .	Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class .
1	One morning he sat down to have a bowl of cereal .	He noticed a big fat racoon eating out of the dog bowl .
1	We left early on a sunday , flying out of Atlanta .	Once there , we quickly went to our apartment we had rented .
1	She was able to finally get her license after years of hard work .	Her parents were really proud of her accomplishments .
0	What we did n't know was that he was suffering a major brain aneurysm .	A man in a wheelchair rolled in and began harassing customers .
0	There were no menus available online for them to check out .	Lulu and her friends decided to go to the new restaurant downtown .
0	Lucy was n't a very strong swimmer .	Lucy and Gina were at the pool .
1	He jumped into his Mercedes and gunned it to miss the morning traffic .	He was the first one at work and eagerly got busy .
0	He was really having a lot of fun on his new bike .	Arin was driving his new motorcycle
0	Barry then bought the cat and took him home .	Barry played with him for a bit to make sure he liked him .
0	But I think it must have been even better to be a diver .	It was pretty amazing to see them with all the fish .
0	Kim was forced to park across the street .	But the city said she could n't park on her side of the street .
1	Laura lost her son in a car accident .	Two Year 's after the accident it was still fresh in her mind .
1	Javier decides to invite his friends to his home to have brunch .	However , he does not know what to cook for them .
1	Yesterday I took my dog to the vet for a checkup .	He developed diabetes a few months ago .
0	During lunch , he tried to sit next to her .	During recess , he ran after her and yelled her name .
1	Don and his father always went to the park .	He gave his son a stuffed toy to play with on the grass .
1	He dove into the book and read 300 pages during the day .	By the time night came , he was glad that it rained .
0	Jed regretted he had n't just had a bowl of cereal .	He watched the firemen try to save the rest of his house .
1	One day a new kid came to school .	He beat Will up because he wanted to take out the toughest kid .
1	She had jobs , hobbies , chores and dates that required a gown .	Everything came easy for Barbie , one simply had to change her clothes .
0	She knew nothing about fish , but she began to research .	Desi wanted her own aquarium very badly .
1	Ted rushed over and successfully gave the girl the Heimlich maneuver .	Ted saved her life !
1	She went to the kitchen .	She cooked herself spaghetti and meatballs .
0	Jimmy got a new pool with the warranty .	He made a hole with the force of the impact .
1	Carlos pulled up to his cousin 's house and parked at the curb .	He got out his car and walked to the front door .
1	I was awakened one night by a creaking floor board .	I shot up from the bed , fumbling for the bedside lamp .
1	My grandmother had a rare uterine cancer that went undetected .	By the time the cancer was diagnosed , my grandmother needed hospice .
0	He flew to Florida .	But he did n't know the big waves were in the middle of the ocean .
1	Penelope was getting married .	She was out shopping for a dress .
0	Jake eats the first salmon he catches from the river .	He travels to the river to try fishing for salmon .
1	He won on the first coin toss , then offered to double the bet .	When he tossed the coin , it rolled and fell through a grate .
1	Dan sadly told his daughter her car was not going to be repaired .	His daughter informed Dan she had money saved and would fix it .
0	The pair he wanted was very expensive .	He wanted a pair of running shoes .
1	Joe lived two houses down with his adopted daughter .	Joe gave his daughter everything he had because he loved her so much .
1	Steve invited Joe to accompany him during a practice flight .	Joe and Steve took off in Steve 's tiny practice prop plane .
0	To this day , none of her friends have taken credit for this .	She guessed that her friend Claire was the culprit but was not sure .
0	Jakes mood improved and he was very appreciative	He took Jake out to his favorite restaurant
0	He went to his local DMV .	Timmy had to renew his driver 's license .
0	She was so scared that nobody would like her !	Lana was starting her first day at a new school .
1	Beth got the game Qwirkle on her birthday .	She asked her dad to play with her .
1	Sometimes the bears would come close to the back porch .	A co-worker was taking out the trash and hit a bear with the door .
0	She invited her boyfriend , Zach , to join her .	Anna won a pair of tickets for a cruise .
1	She got the rake out of the garage .	She raked the leaves into piles .
0	It meant a lot to her .	Belle inherited a watch from her late grandmother .
0	His dad was shocked how much better Gary got !	Eventually , Gary challenged his dad to a game of 1 on 1 .
0	She worked all day to make the perfect soup .	She used an old recipe from her grandmother .
0	Six months later , she and her friends started a band .	The aspiring musician practiced every day , until her fingers hurt .
1	I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work .	I biked six miles through city streets to my job .
0	When she got there they pieced them .	She drove to the parlor to get them done .
1	They performed gestures and the chimp would repeat them .	That trip showed me how smart these creatures really where .
1	Ben knew that if he read the most books he would win .	He started reading books right away .
0	All the ants died within a few hours .	He sprayed it all over his house .
0	She took a deep breath and prepared for take off .	Then she found her seat .
1	Taro was very sad and wanted to cry .	Hiroshi said he was very sorry and did n't do it on purpose .
1	It was a ball that would make ice cream when you shook it !	Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream ball and shook it .
0	Then one day he died peacefully in his sleep .	He had a good long life of 13 years .
0	She is now in the advanced band and lead on the dance team .	Sade next tried out for the dance team and band .
0	Their daughter Lillian had never been .	The Finster family had planned their first trip to the beach .
0	She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died .	I backed away warily and went on my way .
0	Nancy searched for candles inside of her house .	The electricity around the neighborhood turned off .
1	Edward was sick and was prescribed antibiotics .	He felt better and stopped taking them .
0	I got into the tub .	I ran myself a nice , hot bubble bath .
0	When every prediction came true his friends were in awe .	Eli predicted the stock market trends on a lark .
1	He knew the body is the most immediate sector of his universe .	So he began living a very healthy and relaxed lifestyle
1	Kim heard the sound of the pebble hit the glass .	She worried it would damage the windshield .
0	Howard got an A+ on that writing assignment that week .	He did and showed it to his teacher the next day .
1	The park was doing night turtle watches during egg-laying season .	Everyone gathered at the ranger 's ' station for a lecture on turtles .
0	But Charles was n't a rider , he did n't even have a good bike .	Charles wanted to join the bicycle club like his friend Kevin .
1	She decided to clean up instead .	Then she played video games .
0	Then his mom got him to try Brussels sprouts .	He loved cabbage but he ate no other veggies at all .
1	Karl announces his retirement to the press .	He has a bittersweet interview about his retirement .
0	And the locals were friendly !	He loved the small towns .
1	Ida was getting ready to go out with her friends .	She shut off all the lights in her house and walked to the door .
1	One day they told me there were skeletons in the trees to scare me .	Since I was little , they did not want me around .
1	In addition , Dan feared he would not notice anyone there .	Dan felt it would be fun to see his classmates again .
0	Hannah felt uncomfortable and decided to end her shopping trip .	He caught her eye , and ignored her .
0	She unpacked her utensils to eat .	Emma had soup and salad for lunch .
0	He thought it was so funny that he wanted to tell it to his friends .	Steve heard a funny joke on the radio .
1	The jihadist called the support line with a complaint of an itch .	His vest bomb had been bothering him for the better part of a day .
1	She got sick and could not play for three weeks .	She worked hard to get her game back .
0	Rhonda drew an ideal family , with a pretty mom and a dad in a suit .	Rhonda 's teacher asked the students to draw their families .
1	But after a whole day of watching , she saw no monster .	Ness had a great trip but saw nothing supernatural !
1	The sound was annoying .	Jake replaced the batteries to make it stop .
1	She printed out all the financial reports .	She stacked them in piles and stomped on them as hard as she could .
1	They realized that the argument was stupid .	The made up and hugged .
1	Sarah was playing with her cat .	Her cat accidentally scratched her in the face .
1	They were the only lesbian cowgirls in Kansas .	One day a cow ran over Lindsey .
0	John went inside the shop to purchase some candy .	Suddenly , John noticed the display window for the local candy shop .
0	Then he sent the police to arrest Ed 's dad !	He pulled Ed aside and asked him some questions .
1	But as she lay in bed she could n't fall asleep .	When she did finally fall asleep she , kept waking up .
0	So , Maggie put them up in the highest cupboard .	In fact , her kitten has dug her way into the bag for them .
0	He has to call a tow company to change the tire .	The factory jack is useless .
0	I was nervous to get onstage .	Last night was my violin concert .
0	Jen did n't want to say that she faked her numbers so she went with it .	Her work caused a panic when her manager thought they lost a lot .
1	It was a terrible experience .	The doctors and nurses did not listen to her .
0	One day he decided to sail his boat far away .	Dave loved to sail .
0	One day he forgot he was cooking .	He would cook boiled eggs everyday .
1	John was very nervous about his upcoming flight .	He could n't sleep the whole night before the flight .
0	When Janice looked at the bottom , the fish was raw .	After 2-3 hours he took it out and placed it on the table .
0	I jumped off and flew ten feet in the air !	Mom pushed me so high I almost touched the sky .
0	He wanted to impress his friends , who were also skaters .	Jacob was a skateboarder .
1	It was at a local ranch .	He was nervous but things went well .
0	He was listening intently for any sounds .	A hunter was crouching down on the forest floor .
0	They kids seemed to calm down .	They went into the garage and turned on the music .
0	Fifteen minutes into the test period , Steve had fallen asleep .	The words on the paper seemed to swim before his eyes .
1	At the end of the walkway was an orange construction sign .	Gina walked over to see what the sign said .
1	Nick was trying to come up with a name for his dog .	His girlfriend hated every name he came up with .
0	They later at lunch then played outside .	Tim and John played video games together .
0	She was upset when her mother forced her to sit in the middle .	She begged her mom to force her brother to scoot over .
0	At the end of the transaction , Kevin spent about $ 50 .	The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it .
0	The envelope contained three thousand dollars .	He picked it up to see if anything was in there .
1	Cruz was a good kid .	He was excited for his first day at his new school .
0	I sat down on the couch to think for a minute .	I asked my husband if he knew where my shoes were .
1	Billy fell down on the ground .	The girls looked at him and started to laugh .
1	When I was little I loved climbing .	I would climb walls , play sets and especially trees .
0	He went to the store and got the best headphones available .	Hari decided to buy headphones .
0	He was a police officer and worked very late hours .	Layla almost saw her father .
0	He always asked his mother to leave a nightlight on at night .	Quentin was afraid of sleeping in the complete dark .
0	Cory was relieved when it was over .	He persisted , and made it through the speech he 'd prepared .
1	When he returned he asked Jake to drive his Power Wheels truck .	Jake would n't let him .
0	But when they started speaking , he felt better .	At first Kevin was reluctant to speak to his therapist .
1	A few minutes later , a limo came into the school .	He got inside and the driver took off .
1	There was a large old tree in his backyard .	Dan heard a creaking sound but was n't sure what it was .
0	He figured he made good money and his family would like it .	Sam paid to have a pool built at home .
1	He did not want to go by himself .	He asked his wife to go with him .
0	May was disgusted and threw her digging implements down .	But then she saw all kinds of beetles scurrying around !
0	She decided it was time to learn .	Anna could not swim .
1	Once they were well enough , she 'd find them a new home .	It made her happy to create these friendships .
1	I had to make an apple pie for Thanksgiving .	This my first time trying to bake a pie .
1	She had a list of ten that she applied to .	When she got her decisions , she got accepted to only four of them .
1	Then he went home and found the best deal online .	He got it within a couple of days and was really happy .
1	Suddenly , she saw that she was going to hit a car .	She swerved to miss it and was barely able to maintain control .
0	But when they returned , all of their food was gone .	Then everyone went for a swim before eating .
1	Nancy wanted to become a Nun .	Nancy conducted extensive research on several aspects of being a Nun .
1	A woodworker and metal worker could n't agree whose work was best .	The woodworker said his wood was warm and hardy .
0	I could n't find the spare .	I pulled over to change it .
1	Joan was hungry , but there was nothing good to eat in the house .	She had to decide whether to go to the grocery store or order food in .
1	My sister in law 's husband died in late November .	She is still trying to cope .
1	Tracy 's cat was named Bob .	Bob had fleas .
0	When they were done , Betsy was shocked to see her house so clean .	They spent all weekend throwing most of her item away .
0	While we waited for the meteors , we noticed clouds all over the sky .	We brought blankets and snacks outside to the yard .
1	Her client struggles initially .	But her client ends up reaching her goals .
0	Tony shows him how fix his technique and the kid improves .	He sees a kid having trouble hitting the ball .
0	Lisa decided to train so she could join the team .	But , she was in poor shape .
0	First she had to remove all her tongue rings .	Then the dentist said he could not help her yet .
1	Gina had finally gained traction on the icy hill .	She was almost onto the main street .
0	Linda compared companies that turn hair into wigs for patients .	Her friend told her it would be such a waste to just waste her hair .
0	They did n't have a lot of time to get to the airport .	Madison and Max were about to catch a flight .
0	Jake ran home he was fine but frightened .	The car luckily stopped in time .
1	Tony sat down in the restaurant to order food .	He found that same hair resting on his plate when the food arrived .
0	While he was out his wife sat at home crying .	He decided to cool off by going for a drive .
1	He came upon a group of friends , and enjoyed their company .	Tre stopped by the store and bought a soda and some skittles .
1	The next day they went early .	They arrived at the statue of liberty expecting to visit the crown .
0	Every year , she makes her costume and enters into a costume contest .	Mary 's favorite holiday is Halloween .
1	I got soap and water and a sponge .	I scrubbed the dirt off of the tile .
0	No hits were found .	He ran through all of his search tools once more .
1	Eventually she finally decided .	But by then her lunch hour was over .
0	Every summer he tries out for the baseball team .	Joey 's favorite sport is baseball .
0	Abby had fun with all the songs .	As soon as she went it was packed .
1	It was a lovely ceremony .	When it came time to throw the bouquet everyone lined up .
0	He heard there were job openings available for police officers .	He went to school for eight Years to become one .
0	She managed to pass and she got to be a lifeguard .	She was having a really hard time but she pushed herself .
1	Arriving home , she placed them in a large vase .	Ava was thrilled with her forest acquisition .
0	Several crickets came out of the bush .	Everyone got together and made smores .
0	Zach has to pay Troy $ 100 for the wager that he made .	Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards .
1	He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood .	Dan was able to save money .
1	She searches the neighborhood calling for Lucy .	Sarah finds Lucy safe at one of her neighbors houses .
0	He went to apologize to his boss .	Richie felt terrible after he had his coffee .
1	There are a lot of deer in the town where I live .	As we were driving to school , one walked out in front of us .
1	When she was at a friend 's house , her mother served a delicious dip .	She ate it all up without asking what it was .
0	She did not get accepted into their nursing divisions , however .	She got into the University of Maine and Salem State College .
0	Anthony found hundreds of black college students partying in a park .	Anthony followed them to the Freak-fest .
0	Jim wished he had n't gone out in his new hat .	Jim chased it down , running fast , but the hat was gone .
0	She had no tact at all .	There one was a girl named Subtlety .
0	Now he can quit his old job and become a better park ranger .	He put his resume together and applied for a park ranger position .
0	We go for a walk .	I go visit my friend at her house .
1	Trenton loved apples .	He decided to plant a tree .
1	I through the line out into the water .	I waited for a while until I caught a fish .
1	In her excitement to go out and play Jessie forgot to wear a coat !	When she came back in she sneezed a lot and caught a cold !
1	She could go to Food Lion , which provides very fast service .	Or , she could go to Wal-Mart , which provides lower prices .
1	She turned her assignments in and left at five .	Her boss noticed her and immediately got out of his seat .
0	And he left the plate in the sink .	He blamed his brother for not rinsing it out .
1	Jane and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation .	They saw a small ice cream parlor , but Jane hesitated to go in .
1	She asked who knew the parts of the compound word .	Wanting to show off , Jenny waved her hand in the air .
0	He sat in his hotel lonely .	He went by himself .
0	They went out to the basketball court .	Bill did n't think Ted would make it .
1	Her boyfriend called the police after not hearing from her .	A search team was dispatched to the GPS coordinates on her phone .
0	We were all supposed to confess one secret we have .	Our teacher gave us a class assignment .
1	Paul did not like being looked at like a freak .	He tried to hunch over to make himself look smaller .
0	She got tired of closing it and opening it every year .	Joanne 's family rarely used the swimming pool anymore .
0	From then on , she hated the taste of them .	Soon she could tell that it was the fajitas .
1	She went every now and then but she had never won .	She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo .
0	He made carrot stew .	Tim had a huge party .
1	When Paul opened his shop , he worked hard on promoting it .	He waited for the shop to take off , but people never showed up .
1	Sally wanted to jump on her trampoline .	It had rained last night though .
0	After a couple of minutes , I forgot where my camp was located .	I walked into the forest .
1	When he realized that nobody noticed he felt relieved .	Angel continued to play and played an excellent show .
1	Kelly invited Ramon to her apartment to hang out .	Ramona took her upstairs to see her facialist .
1	We packed the car full of snacks .	Then , we headed off !
0	She was so happy , so sat next to her .	In her first class , she noticed her old high school classmate .
1	Tim turned the music up louder .	The cops came by to give Tim a ticket .
1	Amanda needed to decide if she should get a new or used car .	Amanda did a price comparison for a new car and used car .
0	His children were so happy their dad was gon na watch them	Randy told his children he would be there for them at the game
1	He forgot most restaurants closed today .	There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open .
0	They started meeting up at the beach after that .	Betty went to the beach and made friends with a surfer .
1	It would n't stop moving around .	I tried to take it out of the road however , it was chasing me .
1	I choose to have the website send me an authorization code in text .	I received the code and entered into the website .
1	He would sell his baskets in a local town .	One day a group of tourists came through the town .
0	An elderly man offered John his boat in exchange for $ 50 dollars .	The went to the dock and asked if they could borrow anyone 's boat .
1	The driver of the car swerved and crashed into a tree .	The people were fine and the Pizza Man offered them a free slice .
0	He went to the kitchen .	Jason remembered he put a bottle of water in the fridge .
0	The piercer did it quickly and easily .	They went to the mall .
0	Today , he could not find one .	He tries to collect at least one every day .
0	On her wedding , it was absolutely gorgeous .	It was redesigned especially for her day .
0	Tim did n't want John to play .	Tim 's friends were playing .
1	I went to a sushi bar last night for dinner .	I ordered a spicy tuna roll , extra hot .
0	It started running uncontrollably .	I could n't steer the horse any direction .
1	I saw an old friend today .	We had not seen each other in a long while .
0	Someone robbed the pair and shot them in their home .	Lisa and Monica are sisters who lost their brother and sister in law .
0	The coast was clear and he breathed a sigh of relief .	He was on the lookout for anyone that might be following him .
1	He tried his hardest to keep up .	The next day he was intensely sore .
0	He heard an explosion and his car started to slow down .	Nathan was already running 10 minutes late .
1	Suddenly , he hit me in my face and tried to fight me .	I was so shocked , I immediately kicked both of them out .
1	She needed something more durable .	She looked online and found some headphones she liked .
1	But then , she threw the stick a little too far .	It landed in the bushes .
0	Chad recently attended a spring training game just to see him .	Chad loves Barry Bonds .
1	Last time I had to fly I decided to take medication first .	It was supposed to calm my nerves .
1	Amy was well known and liked at her elementary school .	One day , a new boy started going to Amy 's school .
0	She wanted to something to do to pass the time .	Gina had been waiting on the principal for 15 minutes .
0	It shattered into a million pieces .	Jack White screamed and flung his guitar against the wall .
0	He was so nervous about this that he nearly wrecked his car .	He reluctantly went to the dentist .
1	His mom came running , his arm was broken .	Now David knows why he should n't jump on the bed .
0	Her mother wanted her to get milk .	As she walked home from class she checked her missed texts .
1	And he had trouble sleeping .	James became more and more afraid of his government .
1	Paleontologists had learned much from the fossils it contained .	Now it was time to share it with the world .
0	Ana made sand shapes until it was time to leave , and she was happy .	Ana dug in the sand , and found that the sand would pile into shapes .
1	One day Chloe found out that she was extremely sick .	Trying to hide illness , she was rushed to the hospital .
0	When he woke up , he found smoke coming from his room .	He decided to take a quick nap .
0	Today it was rush hour , and a snow storm .	But during rush hour a few cars backed up waiting for their turn .
0	Then , one of the admins found out .	No one knew that he had modded his game so that it was easier .
0	The water made it float , making it hard to get it in the machine .	She began to put the bedspread in the washer .
0	Her ice cream began to melt .	It was a hot day outside .
0	When he woke up , he checked the popcorn and it was burned .	Jerry went back to sleep and forgot to check the popcorn .
1	The dogs were chained up .	But that did n't stop them from leaping at Gina .
0	She lay her head on the table until the bell rang .	In fact she may have felt worse .
0	However , she had a mean grin since she changed her mind about it .	The gift was something that she requested for weeks .
1	Jean has n't seen her best friend in two Year 's .	One day Jean called her best friend and asked her to lunch .
1	She decided that she would climb a mountain .	She trained hard .
1	He started having bad chest pains .	His wife rushed him to the hospital .
0	Rory decided that she wanted to find out who her birth parents were .	Rory found out she was adopted .
1	One day she did it anyway .	We spent the whole night in the Hospital .
1	She helped her mom pick out her clothes for the next day .	After she ate dinner she packed her backpack with all her new supplies .
0	I drove the the shop and went in .	I wanted to visit to see what they had .
0	Attendance was down , so she gave only one concert .	We go to her concerts when she comes to Boston .
0	It was a very scary moment .	The market dropped over 1000 points .
0	He takes the job anyway .	It 's his girlfriend 's birthday and he had a party planned for her .
0	When he graduated from Duke , he was told he was n't good enough .	When he got to Duke , they told him he was too small .
1	He worked hard and is excited to start his new job as a cop .	He quickly found out that being a cop is n't what he expected .
1	Bee was nervous to go on vacation .	He had a big aquarium and he was worried about his fish .
0	A smile spread on his face as the kitchen remained dry .	He turned on the hose as he crossed his fingers for luck .
1	When I was 12 I asked my parents for guitar lessons .	They took me to the music store and bought me a guitar .
1	They had forgotten his sippy cup , but the asked if he could use a can .	Bobby eagerly said he could drink from a soda can easily !
0	After finishing the test , I was given a good score .	I sat down and worked hard on the test .
0	He woke up early because of the roosters .	Same went to visit his uncle at the farm .
1	Neil took a flight to the island of Cyprus .	There , he studied their culture .
0	I was very tired .	I was driving a truck .
0	The court found out Charles ' mechanic marked up prices on parts .	Charles sued his mechanic because his prices were too high .
1	He was walking funny since he felt tired .	In a few seconds , he passed on the sidewalk .
1	The painting depicted a Native American chief .	Following a hunch , I had it appraised .
1	His bike splashed mud all over his pants .	Jake changed into shorts when he got back to his car .
1	Gina had been being mean to the new boy in her class .	Then a bully began picking on Gina .
1	Before he could do anything , the skunked sprayed the dog .	Tommy and his brother spent the rest of the day washing him .
0	He was able to hit the ball however , it hit a bee 's nest .	I threw the softball towards my cousin .
1	He whimpers and hides in his cage .	He wo n't come out until the storms pass .
1	Patty needed medicine to recover .	Chris refused to buy his dog this medicine .
0	She was excited to wear the costume to her school party .	Sara had a beautiful princess costume for Halloween .
0	He considered leaving .	But he noticed a different chef .
0	She wanted to get away from her old life .	Stassi hated her life in Los Angeles .
0	At the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college .	She always wanted to be a nurse .
1	I later realized he was trying to pick me up .	Overall I 'd say it was worth it .
0	However , she persists in following her dream .	Her friends and family tell her that volleyball is not ladylike .
1	Since I did n't study for my math exam , I ditched the exam .	I went to the cafeteria instead .
1	He was waiting to hear back from a recent job interview .	He refreshed his email over and over .
1	Ash was terrified at first .	She quickly realized that horses were n't scary animals at all .
0	At the end of the day , Conrad was paid for his stories .	Conrad spent the entire day writing fantastic tales .
1	One day , Molly 's mother bought her a little cat .	Molly really loved that cat .
0	He saw and talked to his father one day before he died .	Knowing his father was on his deathbed , he decided to make peace .
1	He was a pretty good drawer so he was n't worried about it .	That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed .
1	Rachel had n't see a doctor in awhile .	She needed to get her blood drawn .
0	She realized she must have outgrown her allergy .	Mia had no allergic reaction at all !
0	She hated taking medicine .	Kathy got very sick .
1	My friend loaned me some paints and I went to town .	I made a beautiful landscape .
0	Amy tried to keep cool , but she still ended up sweating .	The party was outside and it was a hot summer night .
0	I immediately took it out and started to clean everywhere .	My burrito ended up breaking in pieces .
0	At the end of the night , the school told me they sold were sold out .	I made 24 dozen marshmallows for the bake sale .
1	Bill was really nervous the morning of his driving test .	He wanted to get his licence so badly !
1	I realized when I got home later that day I left my sweater .	I had to rush back up there to see if someone had returned it .
0	When he went back to school all the kids wanted to sign it .	He was in a full cast .
1	She spilled them everywhere .	Katie 's parents found out .
1	Shane did n't want to fight , so he just conceded .	Emma ate the pizza but shared a bite with Shane .
0	Sam soon sold out his supply and was a rich man !	Sam decided to try and make clothes of silk .
1	The party was outside and it was a hot summer night .	Amy tried to keep cool , but she still ended up sweating .
1	Charles sued his mechanic because his prices were too high .	The court found out Charles ' mechanic marked up prices on parts .
0	She worked hard over the stove for about an hour .	She chopped up some onions and got started with dinner .
1	She mixed all the ingredients together .	Then , she put the cake in to bake .
1	He fell asleep and started snoring loudly .	Dan 's teacher slammed books on his desk and Dan jumped up .
1	He felt that the ending was very solid .	Fred decided to buy the book .
0	Sweden was so different .	But when he took a train there , he saw he had been wrong .
1	Oscar was thirteen years old and getting slower .	When Oscar died , my mother was very sad .
0	Once he posted a FB photo close to the airport .	He uses it to take scenic photos .
1	Unfortunately , his family was very poor .	Nick applied for jobs all over town .
1	Jakub had hoped to spend his entire life living in America .	After studying engineering he got a great job at a local company .
1	I called my bank and they told me I had a problem to work out .	I fixed the issue , and then bought the part with no problem .
1	I grabbed my laptop and went outside .	I worked in my backyard all day in the great weather !
1	They used shovels and tilled the ground .	The kids planted marigolds .
1	Henry soon found a wife and had children .	Henry taught his kids just as he always did .
0	Now the Jones family no longer goes to the ski house .	The house was blown away by the wind storm .
0	When they arrived , she was checking them out .	Monica had ordered her son some Christmas gifts .
1	Her gift for music took her all the way to New York City .	She earned a scholarship to a prestigious performing arts school .
1	The wind was high and hard on the highway .	Kim 's small compact car was being pushed about as she drove home .
1	He had no way of paying it back .	Eventually collection agencies were after him .
0	He put his wallet in his swim trunks .	Jim went to the beach .
0	Julia decided to meet with her supervisor .	She had not received a raise for the past fourteen months .
0	Her husband bought her a beautiful necklace .	It was Sarah 's birthday .
0	I ordered a plate of chicken and waffles with extra gravy .	I agreed and went to a local cafe .
1	Jorge went to the local store to buy a nail clipper .	When he got home he cut all of his nails very neatly .
0	He got kicked off the team .	This caused a lot of problems .
1	I play chess online with my friend Joe .	Last night he could not play .
1	The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay .	The man grunted and slammed down the phone .
1	He suddenly remembered today was trash day !	Cal quickly grabbed the kitchen trash bag and ran outside .
1	A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial .	He began studying many religions .
0	Later in the evening we went outside to find the car window smashed .	We heard a loud noise , but did n't think too much about it .
1	He rolled his ankle and screamed .	Mark had broken his ankle .
1	They decided to have a race to the water .	Jake and all his friends fell before they got there .
1	Everyone finished eating and was very bored .	I went to the garage to look for something to do .
0	My son was happy and our relationship grew stronger .	But , to show my love I hung it up in my living room .
1	The owner said that he could trade his game for a new one .	So , he got a game that he had been wanting for awhile .
0	Gina smiled as she walked to her room happy to have avoided the trap .	Her mother stared at her when she handed her the milk .
0	Greg was relieved that he was going to get to play .	One of the guys playing basketball asked Greg to join the game .
1	She went inside and played with it for a while .	She could n't bear to leave without it .
0	He came up to us to brag about his exploits on the waves .	I vowed to get back at him .
0	She flaunts her beauty in front of her married boss .	Tina is a beautiful administrative assistant .
1	He would travel through all space and time .	One night , I dreamt that he wanted to take me with him .
0	She learned a basic beat quickly .	He decided to teach his girlfriend how to play it .
1	Joe killed Wayne .	Wayne 's sister , Wanda killed Joe .
1	John got on a plane and flew to Mount Everest .	John successfully reached the summit .
1	Noah would not go inside unless Timmy went with him .	Timmy helped comfort Noah so Noah could get the help needed .
0	Lee got to view new movies on a weekly basis for free .	He found out he could rent movies for free at his local library .
0	Unfortunately , I just missed the bus and did n't have a car .	I ran to catch the bus for work .
0	He thought of it like an alarm clock with no snooze button .	A man bought himself a rooster .
0	She sat with her friends from class and the ate and talked .	She was able to choose her lunch .
1	At church one Sunday , a student stood by him to talk to him .	Professor Smith did n't remember the student and was worried .
1	When Jack came home she handed him the puppy .	Jack 's face lit up and he jumped for joy .
1	Chris took his girl on a boat trip .	They went to channel islands Park .
1	It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive .	He tried to go up a hill .
1	Phil cooked his meal over the fire while rain poured on him .	He did not bother to put the fire out and let the rain take do it .
1	He paid for it at the register and rushed home .	Jack played his new video game all afternoon !
1	Her mom forgave her , but made it clear she had to do it next week .	But that day , Sophie 's friends called and invited her to a movie .
1	One day Sam got all caught up in some string while he was playing .	He ended up getting so tied up that he could not get free .
1	He watered and mowed his lawn on a regular basis .	George noticed after about a month that his lawn looked fantastic .
1	I could n't find them anywhere .	Then , I discovered a pile of socks beneath the couch .
1	She wants to earn money .	One day , she decided to join a pyramid scheme .
0	She then showed all of her friends .	She hid it in her backpack .
1	She stood up to brush herself off .	Jen sat back down and found where she left off .
1	The nightmares she had where about her or her family .	Most of her nightmares had ghost or monsters in them .
1	He awoke in a panic and paddled ashore .	The guy looked around and wondered how long he was asleep .
1	The customer asked for some wine .	The waiter told them they had both red and white wine .
1	Her siblings wanted to watch something else .	Gina held the remote so they could n't change the TV .
0	Jeff slammed on the breaks .	On the way , a cat ran in front of his car .
1	She stepped outside and headed towards the garbage bin .	When she opened it , a cat jumped out .
0	She had found his hat on a bench .	After a week , someone called Jim .
0	Then Pip led the best parade ever !	He asked his mom to come and watch them .
1	One day she summons the courage to go to the shoe store .	She takes off her shoes to try on a pair and the smell is awful .
0	John decided he liked Christianity the best .	He studied all sorts of religions at various temples .
1	Mike was on his last day working at a construction site .	The boss let him drive the bulldozer around for fun .
1	Everyone was shocked when Ali walked into her class .	The principal explained everything to her teacher .
1	One day a squirrel in the yard ran up a tree .	Fluffy followed the squirrel into the branches .
1	Then her mom created a horn herself and glued it on .	Kelly loved the homemade unicorn costume .
0	All of her other pants were worn and out of style .	Millie had to buy a new pair of pants .
1	Karl the supermarket bag boy was faced with a dilemma .	To fit all the food in one bag or to waste a bag and use two ?
0	Susie felt healthier after moderating her dosage of caffeine .	She went from drinking 5 to 1 cup of coffee a day .
1	Cade is short , and gets picked on at school .	His mother tells him he will soon grow very tall like his dad .
1	On Thanksgiving day , his friends and family are impressed .	Maurice is proud that he hosted Thanksgiving Dinner .
0	He followed the smell to the kitchen .	Today he smelled fresh bread when his alarm clock went off .
0	The coach told Ida to practice and try again next year .	She tried out , but she did not make the team .
1	I stayed out late skateboarding with friends .	When I got home late my mom was angry .
1	My family remained in the house for several hours .	We did n't do much since the power was out from the hurricane .
1	She went to the gym and started lifting super heavyweights .	Tiffany threw her back out and had to wait to start working out again .
0	Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date .	Maybelline replied back maybe .
0	She was surprised that she did not read it sooner .	Recently she picked up the harry potter books .
1	Laura owned a flower shop .	Every other day a man would come in looking for fruit .
1	Only one figure remained standing	The Black Swordsman , Guts .
0	She put on a movie and made some popcorn .	Mary was ready to sit back and relax .
0	Braxton and Angela finally married and lived happily with their brood	Braxton and Angela had three kids and adopted three more
0	He decided he was going to ask Susie .	Alister needed a date for the school dance .
0	He also called Henry ugly since his face landed on the ground .	The next day , he purposely tripped Henry while he was walking .
1	He investigated and discovered that a light switch was sparking .	He immediately called his landlord , unsure of what to do .
1	The saw sprang to life in his hands as he cut out the piece .	He secured the piece into the hole using glue .
0	Chicken soup and hot tea made her well !	Then she stumbled upon the real cure .
1	I was in the park one day .	I sat at a bench with a bag of stale bread .
0	i was looking forward to eat some too .	Today i decided to bake some cookies .
1	He searched his house like crazy .	Finally Fred found it under his pillow .
0	She felt lucky to have a good friend .	Her friend forgave her .
1	Matt and jimmy visited an abandoned asylum .	Matt ran ahead and got lost .
0	There was no television in the house .	One day , his parents forgot to pay the monthly cable bill .
0	The help Sandy received from the tutor helped her to pass the test .	Sandy decided to ask her former tutor for help .
0	She walked away with the second place trophy .	Deb enrolled in her first tournament ever after two months .
1	Karen 's dog did n't know any tricks .	She really wanted to teach him .
1	She was confused as to why after getting her number he had n't called .	But here he was acting like his usual self .
0	John spent the weeks before the exam studying all day long .	He needed to get an A on his final exam to pass the class .
1	He could n't decide between a cat or dog .	Suddenly , a dog licked the window .
1	Ziggy the dog will lick his paws until they are raw .	Ziggy 's worried owner takes him to the vet .
0	But later , he noticed that his friend bought nothing for lunch .	And no one saw .
0	Bobby could n't believe he could pull blueberries off and eat them .	He was visiting his uncle who had blueberry bushes .
1	Joe had a weight problem .	It was caused by his addiction to chocolate .
1	She still decided to leave college to have her baby .	Emily and her baby are very happy and snuggly without anyone else .
1	He had too many TV shows to catch up on on Netflix .	All week , he watched these videos instead of studying .
0	She was n't sure if she agreed with her own .	She decided to explore other religions .
0	He got it within a couple of days and was really happy .	Then he went home and found the best deal online .
0	She saw these deer were scrawny , mangy and had terrified eyes .	Jane went to see the deer , like the ones she once fed by hand .
0	While there , he thought the band looked strange .	Francis drove to Chicago for a concert .
0	He spent his whole life in Arizona .	Paul dreamed of seeing the ocean .
1	She always hoped it would be filled with candy and such .	This time it was filled with all of her favorite things .
1	Tim and Leslie went to the beach .	it was raining and rather cold out .
1	He decided he wanted to learn how to play it .	George 's mother took him to a music teacher .
0	Soon she was an expert harpist !	She studied diligently at her lessons .
0	It was so much fun .	We then flipped the boats over .
0	My boyfriend worked in a halloween store , so I asked him about it .	One day , I wanted to buy a skeleton .
0	Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup .	Sally came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup .
0	She wanted to get married before the baby was born .	She was due in a week .
1	In two weeks they would be flower girls !	Karen decided they should cut each other 's hair .
1	One night , they all heard scurrying noises .	Slowly , they woke up and noticed a rat on the ground .
1	Ashley was on a train headed to Chicago .	Everything was going fine .
1	In doing so he lost control of his car .	The car veered to the side of the road and hit a bucket of cans .
1	Ed lost control at the peak of the cliff .	He rolled his truck a hundred feet down a ravine .
0	As it popped , smoke came out .	I plugged it in to start using it and it popped .
0	Bridget started taking melatonin at bedtime .	No matter how early she went to bed , Bridget was still sleepy .
1	Gina drove past .	The street was closed , and she did n't want to risk it .
0	Lucy hugged Me goodnight , and went inside to have dinner .	Her grandmother gave her yarn to glue on for hair .
0	The second day , I started to feel sicker and sicker .	I was having fun when I first got there .
0	When he got it back he was crushed to see the paper did n't save .	Finally , he had to take the computer into a repair shop .
0	She told her grandma she was going to the park instead .	Lucy wanted to go to the pool , but her grandma would n't let her .
1	Dad does n't cook .	I suggested we order food from out .
0	John needs a date to the dance .	Marcy wants to go to homecoming .
1	Robert fix the laptop for Julio free of charge .	Julio thanked him with an invitation to a premium computer conference .
1	Soon the project was done !	Jim was so excited to learn a new skill .
0	Julie is able to lose weight without the expensive training sessions .	She decides to start training on her own .
1	As they rode Beth realized this was boring .	When it ended they pretended like they had fun .
1	A container ship left China with a cargo of rare earth metals .	While it was at sea , the market for rare earths collapsed .
0	But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes .	Hank angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music .
1	His neighbor got a ladder out .	Hot neighbor climbed the ladder and got the cat .
0	But when he asked his boss , he was denied .	He worked hard and felt that he deserved it .
1	I screamed loudly which prompted my husband to come running .	After a few minutes he disposed of the now dead rat .
0	Albert forgave her and the two began to date .	She realized what she was missing and told Albert how she felt .
0	She found it in the recycling bin at last .	She spent all day trying to find it .
0	She bought some roses .	She went to the garden center .
0	His mom told him he had to wear the helmet if he rode .	Randy got a new bicycle and helmet for his birthday .
0	While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow .	June decided on a Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee .
0	I left my room and headed to the stairs .	Suddenly the fire alarm went off .
1	Her meal was sat down in front of her .	She saw the shrimp little legs and its tail .
0	In the dark room , she saw that the picture did n't develop .	Then , she took the picture to the darkroom to develop it .
0	I do not have a record player .	I bought an LP the other day .
0	The porch was high up over his backyard .	Jimmy was sitting on his homemade porch .
0	It took her Years and Years of practice .	She went home and tried to draw what she 'd seen .
0	Corbis showed 40 photos .	I did a lot of mTurk work for Corbis .
1	She told him to only get cheese .	When he came home , he had three bags of groceries .
1	I met the man I call my husband at that beach .	I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day .
0	He was upset and bored until he went outside .	Sam tried hard to fix it but could not .
0	When it was her turn to get on stage she took a deep breath .	However , she was still nervous about playing in front of an audience .
1	Another kid told Jamie what Josh had said .	Jamie was not pleased .
0	Sam put his cans in the food barrel before anyone could check them .	He dug out some dusty cans with expired dates .
1	Often passengers left books on the plane .	She always kept the books people left behind .
1	Finally , he decided to buy a monkey .	He took the monkey home , and they soon became best friends
0	Mia makes sure to keep the dogs from her room .	Mia only has an air mattress and does n't want the dogs on it .
1	He decided to take a yoga class to help socialize .	He met a like minded nice girl .
0	I handed him my wallet and he ran away .	Mid-way through the alley a man with a knife demanded my wallet .
1	Her grandmother gave her yarn to glue on for hair .	Lucy hugged Me goodnight , and went inside to have dinner .
0	We came across an old , rusty bear trap .	My son and I were out hiking .
0	And trip people all the time .	He would glue pennies to the sidewalk .
0	She just wanted to make friends .	Raven went to a bar to meet new people .
0	After graduation , Abby remembers her Chemistry course fondly .	Abby finds the class interesting , but very difficult .
1	MY DAUGHTER HAD TO DO A SCIENCE PROJECT .	SO SHE WANTED TO USE ME FOR A EXAMPLE .
1	Mike noticed that something smelt bad so he left to the bathroom .	When he got away from Molly , he noticed it did n't stink .
0	When he went to school the kids said it was fake .	Tony bought a new jacket .
0	Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever !	She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her .
1	I fell on the icy sidewalk and broke my wrist .	I laid on the cold ground waiting for help .
1	His friends did n't want to go out to the club so he went alone .	He arrived at 11 and the club was packed .
1	Allie started to understand more and more .	Soon she was getting high grades in her class !
0	I practiced my speech and when giving it I spoke too fast and quietly .	They asked me to speak and I do n't like to speak in groups .
1	She was trying to think of what to be for Halloween .	She decided she would be Elliott from ET .
1	Then she was told her legs were too short for a ballerina !	She was crushed , but then had a good idea .
0	She was up in the loft , and wanted to go downstairs .	Margaret was at her family cabin .
0	Her teacher recommended an eye test .	Danielle was having trouble seeing in class .
1	And she saw online videos of another artist drawing .	Kim was angry at how stiff and awkward the artist 's drawings were .
1	Darren cooked pancakes for himself and his girlfriend .	When he looked in the pantry , he noticed there was no syrup left .
0	To her delight her sister stepped out of the car .	Gina worried it would be someone else she did n't like .
1	He then took out a huge thing of vinegar , and started to pour it in !	The class had no clue what was going on and looked on in astonishment .
0	He also ate extremely well and got plenty of sleep .	He trained real hard for six months .
1	They crawled to a box .	A women passed by and stopped her car .
0	He took her for dinner .	Her husband decided to cheer her up .
0	He asked his wife to go with him .	He did not want to go by himself .
1	They were very competitive towards each other .	Becky won the first game , along with the 2nd and 3rd .
0	She screamed and ran out .	She found one in the bathroom .
1	Bill 's father only got an 8th grade education .	Bill encouraged his father to go back to school .
0	Gina and her family gathered in the front yard .	A church across the street was being demolished .
0	They were riding around together within minutes .	Dana was a quick learner .
1	It is a reference to the club mentioned in Harry Potter .	My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner .
1	Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone .	Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck !
1	Jerry went back to sleep and forgot to check the popcorn .	When he woke up , he checked the popcorn and it was burned .
1	There were lines of people .	She was very stressed out .
0	She was very nervous .	Today was Claire 's first exam at college .
1	I sprayed air freshener to make the place smell good .	Now the living room is sparkling clean like the rest of the house .
1	He did not want to fall .	Billy said to just lean forward and use both legs .
1	I decided to go on vacation to America .	My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich .
1	Nell did the exercises half-heartedly .	The teacher expressed her disappointment in Nell .
0	She walked to her car .	Donna was late to her hospital job .
0	He drove to his grandfather 's house after school to be with him .	Lucius realized he did n't fear aging .
1	She had a bunch of coupons and her list was built around them .	She spent nearly an hour clearing her cart .
0	No one at the party suspected her treachery when she arrived .	She was a fraud that just poured water in a special mold .
0	Elizabeth spent the next few weeks doing all the chores she could .	Her mom said that she would have to earn the money .
1	She had no idea there was fast food Chinese food .	Amy loved it so much she ate it the next day as well .
1	It flew into his neighbor 's backyard .	Max rang their doorbell and asked for his ball .
0	He put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking .	He wondered if it would really work .
0	She lost everything .	She took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game .
0	The roller coaster ended up being disappointing and not scary at all .	It was my turn and I rode the roller coaster .
0	She was getting upset because she loved that magazine .	It was the end of the month for Lara 's magazine .
1	She stated that Jim left a card for her to find .	Her loving father left a final love letter in their favorite book .
0	He is now a productive and honest citizen .	The system has reformed him .
1	Lily 's dad saved money by giving his kids haircuts .	Lily dreaded it when her dad asked her to sit for a haircut .
0	Franco became very rich when he sold the gold to a museum .	Inside the trunk was several piece of gold from the Spanish Armada .
0	She read a book while catching the sun .	Jenna was going sun tanning at the beach .
0	She was confident she would receive an offer from one of them .	She applied at hotels , banks , and stores .
1	Sal loved to go fishing .	Sal always wanted to catch a big fish but never did .
0	We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it .	We circled the lot trying to find a space .
1	Nell 's mom headed to the store for school supplies .	Nell was excited for her mom to come home with her new crayons .
1	He went to a restaurant .	They felt pity on him .
1	I played a game with my wife .	She said she just enjoyed spending time with me .
1	When Stu retired , many of his buddies were already dead .	Stu rode his bike to visit them at the cemetery regularly .
0	She hollered and yelled at Gina for bringing a dog into the house .	Her frightened mother screamed .
1	They could not decide what to do .	Jamie did not want to go to a movie .
1	I found the cutest dog in the place .	My parents let me keep her .
1	There , he learned about the old temples .	He took lots of photos of the beautiful jungle ruins .
0	It was as much fun as any previous vacation .	The Roberts decided to still have fun camping in their yard .
0	Amy danced next to Beth so she could see her reaction .	The DJ agreed to play the song at the time Amy requested .
0	It did n't fill him up .	He was hoping it would help lose weight .
0	The driver behind me was n't paying attention and hit me .	As I was merging onto the highway I slowed down .
1	They were in a new area that was prone to tornadoes .	They were n't familiar with them .
0	She ended up attending the party with jeans and a t-shirt .	She had one , but it was way too small for her .
0	The farmer spent all day lugging his hose around to the crops .	He realized it was up to him to water his crops so he got a hose .
0	The computer remained silent .	Donald grew frustrated when he lost his match .
1	He started daydreaming about the food he would eat later .	So much time passed , that it was finally lunch time .
0	We wrote the ideas and were preparing a set .	My friends and I were filming a skit .
1	I ordered a triple patty hamburger .	It gave me very bad gas .
0	The doctor there said I had sprained my ankle .	My husband drove me to the hospital .
1	There were cd 's everywhere in Shelly 's room .	Shelly 's mom got her a cd case .
1	After walking for a while , he began to approach the food truck .	When he showed up , there were policemen and ambulances everywhere .
1	She went into labor and had a baby girl .	Lisa cried tears of joy !
1	Paul loved tv dinners .	Whether in the microwave or oven , he loved the taste .
1	They had a good game , but Charles lost in the end	He realized that he did n't always have to be so competitive
0	When they friend came back they had tons of expensive beer .	He specifically said get the cheap kind and give him change .
1	My dog kept getting sick .	I bought a supplement that promised to cure her .
1	June was excited about her birthday party .	She was going to have it at a skating rink .
1	I felt very sad that people made fun of me .	I promised myself I would never shave my legs again .
0	Amy thanked him and got back in her car .	The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire .
0	He tells Bill that the book is worth 100k !	He screams in delight when he sees one particular comic .
1	He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches .	He stuck to his plan for over a week .
1	All of the other food was ready and the table was set .	When Sean checked the turkey , he saw that the bottom was still raw .
1	She wished she had a stereo of her own .	Nancy looked online to see how to build a stereo of her own .
1	One day a boy was digging and found a very old pair of glasses .	He took it to the office , and they put it in the lost and found .
0	Carly 's family decided to move away .	Carly and her family lost all of their belongings and their home .
1	Today I took a train to meet my friends .	The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep .
0	He tossed the skull far away and kept digging .	It was a human skull .
0	She ate the sandwich .	She purchased a bagel with egg and avocado .
0	My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner .	It is a reference to the club mentioned in Harry Potter .
0	Rayne always dreamed of the opportunity to visit the Queen .	Rayne wanted to visit the Queen of England .
1	I decided to make a cake to surprise my husband .	I made sure I had all the ingredients .
1	A lot of people were complaining about VIP Auto .	They were saying they had been ripped off .
0	It was inconvenient , but Gina felt it was worth it .	Gina often had to visit 2 stores to get enough .
0	Bob hates going to the dentist because it always hurts .	It began to feel jagged so he called the dentist .
0	Teixeira was leading the Yankees to victory !	Suddenly , the boy felt a spark of excitement and elation .
0	It got started .	They were super excited .
1	I think his poetry is simplistic but did not tell him so .	I think it would be mean .
1	Boris bought a movie poster and put it in his cubicle .	His manager told him to take it down .
1	Once he left the house it began to rain .	Paul went back inside to get a rain coat .
1	He tried out all the pens on display to see how they felt .	He decided to buy a set of 20 gel pens that were blue .
1	Ed likes to buy vintage records .	Yesterday , he found a shop that only sells records .
1	We went to NYC to visit our granddaughter last year .	Before we left we posed for a group photo .
1	They thought he was a bad guy .	Then Ivy set up a meeting between her parents and Jason .
1	I decided to get close and touch her with my hands .	She screamed and jumped back .
1	Tom wanted to play in college .	Tom knew he was not great enough to earn a scholarship .
0	The fire spread and Kim had to call the fire department .	She tried to put it out by throwing water on it .
1	Bob had never tried coffee .	His friend insisted he go to the cafe and try some .
0	My parents bought me a new game for all of my hard work .	They were very happy when I finished all of the shoveling .
0	When I cleared my cookies it wiped out its database .	It also has other functions .
1	He scratched it off hoping his luck was changing .	He won $ 10,000 on the spot !
1	He started to pet his kitten on its head .	His kitten bit him on the thumb .
0	Tommy missed his first day of school .	He woke up in the morning to find he had strep throat .
0	After my brother got the ball , I ran after him .	My friend had the ball and tried to pass it to my brother .
0	There , she began caring for it and feeding it .	She picked it up and carried it home .
1	Without much hesitation , she pulled out her credit card .	Jane left the store with the new mobile phone .
1	He did n't think Rodney would take advantage of him .	He was wrong .
1	Eric planned to have a hot dog for lunch .	But the weather turned out hotter than he anticipated .
0	Buddy is celebrated and worshiped .	He has play with many legends .
0	Before I had a chance to make a shot , my friend grabbed the ball .	He moved swiftly and faster than me .
0	She did n't have enough time to stop .	She decided to skip putting gas .
0	She got on the wrong plane .	After being on the plane for 5 hours she realized something .
0	He tried to make some chicken stock .	Mike took out his cookbook .
1	Today he smelled fresh bread when his alarm clock went off .	He followed the smell to the kitchen .
1	She was eating lunch with friends .	Everyone had very healthy food .
1	Danny tried to make his dog pee outside .	As the dog was walking , it did n't stop anywhere .
0	Tom enjoyed listening to NPR in the mornings .	Tom listened to the radio on the way .
1	They took 200 names to the mayor who had them go to the city council .	The city council approved the plan and work began on the skate park !
0	They visited the art gallery where they first met each other .	Lenny and Sheila celebrated their 40th Anniversary by taking a trip .
1	Edith wanted to buy a new pair of earrings .	She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach .
1	Rex and his brother Drake bought a new video game to play .	Usually they would beat a whole game within the day of getting it .
0	There was no blood , but there was no skin on the wound .	She looked in a mirror to see if the it was bleeding .
1	Mary 's favorite holiday is Halloween .	Every year , she makes her costume and enters into a costume contest .
0	She decides to go jogging .	Breanna wants to lose some weight .
1	Sure enough a baseball went through my window .	End up having to pay a lot of money to repair my window .
1	Next she did a nose .	Finally , she drew a mouth .
0	He prepared throughout the week for the interview .	Ben had an interview for a promising job .
0	The pollen in the area made him have a reaction .	He was suffering from an allergy attack .
1	He turned on the hose as he crossed his fingers for luck .	A smile spread on his face as the kitchen remained dry .
1	When he came back he took the cookies out and they were n't right .	Looking back over the recipe , he realized he put in too much flour .
1	The hamster is very shy and timid .	She tries to play with him but he does n't want to leave the cage .
0	She gave me the Most Improved award for Spanish .	I was called by my Spanish teacher .
0	John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes .	However , one night , both dishwashers are sick .
0	At first she was excited .	Eliza was on vacation with cousins to Disney in Orlando .
0	Rick hurried into the pool and pulled the child out .	Theh he noticed another child sputtering nearby !
1	The next time I tried another different brand .	I loved the thrill of a new brand this time too .
0	Amy jumped for joy when she saw her name on the roster .	She waited till the crowd cleared and approached the board alone .
1	Bob wanted to take his daughter out for ice cream .	They got in their car and drove to Dairy Queen .
0	Gina worried she would die in that house alone , and no one would know .	She lived alone , and her only companion was a dog .
1	Denise tried out to be a pro cheerleader .	She went to practices .
0	She peeked inside and saw her husband kissing some girl .	She went upstairs when she noticed her door was open .
1	I went to my friend 's house .	She had made some cookies .
0	She bought patterns and fabric .	Tia wanted to make a dress .
1	The attendant happily poured Ashley a small cup and handed it to her .	In doing so , she accidentally spilled some juice on Ashley .
1	Ava 's parents got a new puppy .	At first Ava did n't like it .
0	I scrubbed the dirt off of the tile .	I got soap and water and a sponge .
1	He always dreamed of building a treehouse .	One day his dad said they could build one .
0	William gave his mother the gift after their dinner .	He found a nice dvd player and bought it .
0	She was very excited to see all the snow .	During her visit a blizzard occurred .
0	This event was at a swap shop store .	My cousin decided to pick me up , and take me to an event .
0	Still she thought that her birthstone was a lovely color .	She quickly learned that they were pseudoscience and could not help .
1	She just wanted some peace and quiet .	Her dad gave her his keys to relax in his car .
0	She hoped her parents would get her one for her birthday .	Aya was the only girl in her class without a cell phone .
1	This shirt is my new good luck charm .	I decided to wear this shirt everyday to bring me more luck .
1	Unfortunately I still had homework to do for my online school .	I did n't get to enjoy the trip as much as I wanted to .
0	Dylan found the perfect place !	He searched online for the best travel location .
0	Her teacher is very nice .	Sarah starts a new dance class today .
0	He sailed the sea with his crew .	Bjorn was a Viking .
1	Sue 's parrot kept her up all night .	Eventually it began to calm down .
0	I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged .	I felt bad and decided to have it fixed .
1	Jim 's girlfriend thanked him for trying to make her happy .	They went to a nice restaurant instead and had a great time .
1	I decided to not go .	I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going .
1	Trevor and his wife were at home on his day off .	They decided to spend their day watching a movie together .
0	When she got to the pool , she fell asleep .	She decided to go tan .
0	He took the three point shot and made it !	Ryan caught the ball on the inbound pass .
0	Then , we headed home after dinner to relax on the couch .	We managed to squeeze in dessert even though we were both full !
1	Corey wanted a new video game for Christmas .	His mom did n't like the video game .
1	The school was on a lockdown .	The kids sat quietly , and waited .
0	Sarah had put on way too much perfume .	When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing .
1	Shari joked around too much .	She made people laugh but they would soon grow tired of her antics .
0	The waters and landscapes were amazing .	There , he observed the laid-back lifestyle and exotic tropical setting
0	The haircut was nothing like the image , Sally cried .	When the stylist showed her the cut she was horrified .
1	They require two identical photos .	My photos appeared to be regulation sized .
1	It was his favorite pastime .	On a sunny day , he was hunting and heard something crackling .
1	Gina 's crush sat behind her in class .	He was rude .
1	Ella was telling Amy about her family .	Just then her brother walked over to the table .
1	Her husband and her went in for an ultrasound .	The ultrasound technician told them that her babies were doing great .
0	Stu rode his bike to visit them at the cemetery regularly .	When Stu retired , many of his buddies were already dead .
1	As the ball flew from his hands , the stadium was practically silent .	The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net .
1	Ronald had a girlfriend named Stephanie .	One day , Stephanie got drunk and slept with another man .
1	We decided to order pizza for dinner .	We were excited when the pizza got here only to find it was destroyed .
0	Andy held a vote to see if Kyle 's shirt qualified .	Kyle showed up with a plaid shirt .
1	It was the day of the talent show .	Erica was nervously practicing her song hours before the show .
1	The bus was late so I waited for one hour .	My feet were soaked due to the rain .
1	The coach took his time with teaching her the basics .	Jennifer really enjoyed all the practice sessions .
0	I thought that I was going to hate it because I do n't like rap .	I went with an old friend from college .
1	I have a lizard named Tocca .	Tocca likes to play in the water .
1	She decided to go on a girls trip with her sisters to celebrate .	However on the trip there was tension .
1	Elizabeth fell in a hole .	The hole was full of bees .
1	He made a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda .	He meticulously created a poster to explain his display .
0	He sees a terrific winter cap at a local shop .	He decides he needs to buy something warmer to wear .
1	I got a bike for my sixth birthday .	I had trouble learning to ride it .
1	When Chuck got to school he realized he had a test .	He had totally forgotten about it .
1	He worked as hard as he could for months .	He finally saved up the money he needed .
1	Four cousins pitched a tent as their parents looked on from the cabin .	They settled into sleep around 10 PM .
0	He saw that there would be extreme flooding in his area soon .	Desmond checked his phone for any emergency notifications .
1	I walked into my math class feeling confident .	During the class I was able to answer most of the teacher 's questions .
0	No matter how hard either of them tried , they could n't agree .	Allison and Jesse were fighting .
0	When Abby joined them on the walk , the boys got into a fight .	Billy and Adam both liked Abby .
0	During the fight , she saw how the bull was abused .	She was excited as the fight started .
1	Everything was covered in fresh white snow .	Bella bundled up and ran outside to play in the snow .
0	I received the code and entered into the website .	I choose to have the website send me an authorization code in text .
0	He and the puppy were the best of friends .	There was a little boy who had a puppy .
1	It 's sitting in the dumpster at the fire station .	It broke my heart to get rid of it .
1	Saturday it rained .	The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home .
0	Their bags were so full that they could n't make it down the mountain .	They filled their bags with the rocks .
0	They like them to help bring all their stuff with them .	They are totes that are sold to mother 's typically .
1	They enjoyed going head to head and were next up to race .	The revved their engines and tore down the raceway .
1	The system has reformed him .	He is now a productive and honest citizen .
1	Jacob was excited for his first soccer game .	He was nervous because he wanted to win .
1	Instead , his mom found a cool spray that would preserve it .	Then , she hung it on a string and made an ornament .
1	The eye doctor confirmed that Lynda was nearsighted .	The doctor gave Lynda 's mother a prescription for glasses to help .
1	Sandy met her daughter at the airport .	Both of them started to cry when they saw each other .
1	She thought it would be easier to have a spare made secretly .	But she would have to get the original from her mom 's key chain .
0	When no customers show up it is nearly a disaster .	But Bill puts the wrong date on all the promo material .
1	A woman was looking for change in her purse to get her son a snack .	I gave them the rest of my change and walked off feeling good .
1	The trash can in Sally 's house was full .	Sally nagged her husband to take it out .
0	He took a train to Sofia and took tours from there .	He wanted to see the old castles and ruins .
0	None of her friends could download anything either .	But to her horror , she found that her internet was down !
0	She typed her name in Google to see if her facebook showed up .	But one evening she learned a hard lesson .
0	His manager fired him .	He ended up getting caught by his manager .
0	Andy got sick again , found this old medication , and took some .	The other one got left out for a year until it expired .
0	He even figured out a way to put in a skylight and windows .	Although he was no carpenter , he tried so hard to make it special .
0	Mark decides to stop living so adventurously .	His leg is broken and he now needs to use crutches .
0	He insisted to his mom that he had n't eaten any candy .	He hid the empty wrappers under the other kitchen trash .
0	I was throwing a balloon at my friend from a long distance .	Today My friends and I had a water balloon fight .
0	Jack was so frustrated that he threw the iPod away .	The iPod was dead , and it did n't look like he could fix it .
0	His mom was upset that he did n't listen .	Andrew was n't careful and he spilled the spaghetti on the floor .
1	I tried to use my insurance to pay for a crown .	No one told me there was a year waiting period .
1	John was very focused on the grill .	He had been entrusted to make sure the burgers were perfect .
1	He could n't get the razor to cut and was told that it was upside down .	He used it correctly but pushed too hard and a deep cut opened !
1	He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board .	Soon he had clients from three different schools .
1	One day his shoes were stolen from his locker during swimming .	His friends chipped in and bought him a new pair .
0	Dave took his advice and went home where he would be safe .	He cautioned Dave that there was ice up ahead .
0	They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant .	Brad was able to obtain his father 's number through the internet .
1	His mother saw the room and was very happy with him .	Jake got to eat pizza later that night .
1	I did not enjoy Spanish class this year .	My grades were n't good , so I needed to do well on the final exam .
1	She wanted to know about the brand new desk in their classroom .	Gina and her friends told her all they knew .
0	Jake concentrated really hard before his set .	Jake put 225 pounds of weights on the barbell .
1	Tom kept trying to do homework last night .	He needed to concentrate on a tricky subject .
1	Rayne wanted to visit the Queen of England .	Rayne always dreamed of the opportunity to visit the Queen .
1	I said I did n't have any money but I was hungry .	The man bought me the chocolate bar .
0	Her mechanic installed them on her car when the tires arrived .	She was able to purchase a pair of tires for $ 200 off retail price .
1	Alix was 4 and she was meeting Santa for the first time .	Her mom took her to the mall where they waited in line .
0	Jordan gave him some advice .	He asked his friend , jordan for help .
0	He ended up dismissing the other instrument players .	They repeated the song several times and did worse every attempt .
1	Without overdoing it , the cheap wine had in some way contributed .	This success let Mickey channel everyday woes toward something fun .
0	One day his brother showed up .	Dean was estranged from his family .
1	She jumped out of bed and got dressed .	Sally ran to the bus stop .
1	He wanted to sell plastic molded copies of his work .	This was n't easy to do locally due to the small population .
0	He loved to help friends with lifting furniture .	Jeff is very strong and muscular .
0	We had a great day .	They even had an indoor waterpark .
1	Jane was relieved she had n't gotten stung .	She decided to keep the windows closed for the rest of her trip .
1	Having a little world full of nice animals and building a home was fun .	I will never forget that game .
1	Joey bought a drum set .	He set it up in his basement .
0	First I gathered wood and kindling .	I started my first campfire the other night .
0	This time Jane searched for a remedy online .	The last nosebleed lasted 20 traumatic minutes .
0	She lay back down and enjoyed doing nothing .	She had no household chores to do .
0	This was n't enough however , and so she had an idea .	She walked to the store and bought a cool drink .
0	No matter how hard she tried she could n't get an interview .	Looking for a job was n't as easy as it had been when she was younger .
1	After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again .	The next day her friend called to ask why she had stood her date up .
1	Ken has been practicing all week .	The game comes and Ken blocks all the other team 's goals .
0	My coworkers through a surprise party for my birthday .	Suddenly , all of the lights turned on and confetti flew everywhere .
0	On the plane she woke nauseous .	Kim had n't eaten much the day she was going out of town by plane .
0	She decided to stay up all night working online .	Susan had a lot of bills to pay .
1	She started climbing the cliff .	Fear engulfed her .
1	Somehow , she missed the pot and sauce spilled across the stove top .	Judith quickly wiped the sauce up but it was all ruined .
1	I was attending class one day .	Suddenly , we noticed that it began to snow very hard .
0	She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late .	Sara wanted to have a baby .
0	I could n't watch her play basketball for the rest of high school .	She did not make the cut and never tried out again .
0	She had already been in trouble for talking while the teacher was .	She had never seen anything like it .
1	Howard said he did n't mean to rub her the wrong way .	Howard was suspended and the complaint was investigated .
1	He was able to fill in most of it .	He no clue what the other answers were .
0	I thought it was a fairly cute movie and enjoyed it .	The last movie we watched was Ernest Saves Christmas .
0	Despite this , she volunteered to donate blood at the local drive .	Kathy was incredibly afraid of needles .
0	Jesse did n't get paid .	The requester rejected his survey .
1	His house ended up being fine	Danny was relieved
0	He developed the prints and gave them to his friends .	He took photos of everyone around him .
0	They had both pine and oak desks .	He went to Ikea .
0	He won a gift certificate for a free twenty piece hot wings .	James signed up and ate one hundred wings .
1	I had to call 911 .	The paramedic called me an idiot but at least he saved my life .
0	Mike was released but never went back to Las Vegas .	They accosted him and held him for the police .
1	But Bill puts the wrong date on all the promo material .	When no customers show up it is nearly a disaster .
0	A very young kitten lay on the ground , just a few feet away .	Joy was taking out her trash when she heard the tiniest of sounds .
1	Heisenberg loved to cook .	Heisenberg would cook Chinese food often .
1	She was so good her friends started hiring her to find them deals .	She was trying to find an outfit for Daisy to wear to a date .
0	This year he decided to end that debacle .	A thick layer of ice always formed .
1	She went to work despite being sick .	Her boss noticed she was sick and sent her home .
1	Sarah had a new job at a diner .	The owner was teaching her how to make a pizza .
1	Martha wanted to attend a business conference .	She asked her boss for funding .
1	Kim was stressed out on a daily basis .	Her husband hired nanny to help his wife during the day .
1	But her mom asked her what her favorite gift was .	She thought about it for a moment .
0	The cashier asks Simon what he would like to order .	Simon approaches the cashier to order his lunch .
1	Jeremy 's dad took him out on the lake in a little rowboat .	With his hook baited , Jeremy put his line in the water .
1	Laughing nervously , she said she would go .	They watched as she crept in through the broken window .
0	It turned out that one of the vocalists was hiding laryngitis .	They checked the equipment and nothing was amiss .
0	She ended up going .	Her mom encouraged her to go .
1	This year she played on the basketball team .	Her grades started to slip and she was always tired .
0	I started to daydream .	I was falling asleep in class .
1	The story she wrote was about the terrible childhood she 'd had .	She did n't expect any response at all , from such a graphic tale .
1	Nancy eventually realized the dog had to lose weight .	She started feeding him less treats and a healthier diet .
1	I have big vats I used to melt the wax .	I 've been experimenting with weirdly shaped wicks .
1	A girl who did n't like her approached her .	The girl was coming towards Ali .
1	A man had suffered severe head trauma .	Paramedics arrived in just a few minutes .
0	She had a few beers .	Anne went to the bar one night .
0	After Years he has enough money to buy the motorcycle of his dreams .	He decides to save up his money to buy a motorcycle .
1	They were from his grandmother .	They looked terrible but he pretended to like them .
1	He came upon a farmstead , and hailed a yeoman toiling in the fields .	The yeoman returned his hail , and asked after the health of the Czar .
0	Jim had to use a hairdryer to unfreeze his door handle .	It was frozen shut .
1	It started to get dark and he still had n't found his glasses .	When he got home , he realized they were on his head the whole time .
0	Two weeks later , he received a package in the mail .	He signed up with a website that allowed him to do that .
1	In Las Vegas , they quickly learned the rules of the crap tables .	They both found gambling in Las Vegas better than home .
0	The fire trucks raced towards the fire .	The big doors of the firehouse swung open .
1	Her mother was awake , and her dad was driving .	Everyone else was in a deep sleep .
0	She told them he was in the parking lot of the store .	In front of a store a lady told them she had seen a puppy like this .
0	She ended up with a 33 on the exam .	She ended up giving up after studying for an hour .
0	There were 5 seconds left .	The team was trying to win .
1	Adriana walked in on her husband with another woman .	After his apology she forgave him and stayed in the marriage .
0	I ended things and felt bad for even being involved .	I then found out she had a roommate , or boyfriend as I call it .
1	All his constituents thinks he 's the best politician ever .	Daryl never votes on anything they disagree with .
1	Lea , from Florida , was visiting her uncle in Minnesota .	He was going to show her ice fishing for the first time .
0	Tocca likes to play in the water .	I have a lizard named Tocca .
0	He scratched off a $ 250,000 winner .	One day he hit his biggest winnings yet .
1	Pastor Brown lived next door .	One year there was a terrible snowstorm .
0	When it was his turn , Santa smiled at him and waved .	He was a bit nervous to go up and talk to Santa .
1	Then I start dusting .	After dusting , most of the people have left the building .
0	She offered to give extra credit .	She had a student that was failing .
0	Lorraine felt great that she had become a fly fisher .	After many attempts , she finally caught a fish !
0	While it was at sea , the market for rare earths collapsed .	A container ship left China with a cargo of rare earth metals .
1	I leaned forward and she put her hands on my cheeks .	She smiled and told me I reminded her of her father years ago .
0	He had sat down three hours ago .	Len was almost done with his first short story .
1	There is a big bike race across Iowa .	Sam and his friends decide to participate .
1	As a boy he got made fun of a lot .	He knew he trained harder than all of the jocks and he would prove it .
0	Mary got to the meat section and found turkey on sale .	Mary went to the store to buy turkey for dinner .
1	She decides to start training on her own .	Julie is able to lose weight without the expensive training sessions .
0	Finally there was a tournament coming to her hometown .	Joan had always wanted to participate in a chess tournament .
1	It turned out that was a virus .	Dani immediately deleted it and cleaned the virus from her phone .
1	Michelle was an excellent computer programmer at her job .	Tuesday when Michelle returned to work she ran into her boss Sheila .
0	Lucy measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl .	Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes .
0	I thought it was adorable and said I would be his girlfriend .	There was a huge booger hanging out of his nose .
1	They had to wait a few weeks .	Finally , the doll came back in perfect condition .
1	Mary had always gotten good grades in school , but failed a test .	She was sad when she saw she had been given a F .
0	Instead , I wish I could have told her that she was rude .	Although it had not been long at all , I apologized .
1	Inside , there was a cute box with a bow .	In the box , there was a ton of cute baby clothes .
1	There was a heavy blizzard going on .	His vision was limited by the heavy snowfall
0	There were introductions for his classmates and the instructor .	He logged into the course and joined the intro live class .
1	He has destroyed a few tvs in his lifetime .	He has a tv now but uses it only to watch dvds .
1	Tom was running late to his doctor 's appointment .	He was stuck in traffic .
1	Francisco needs to clean his house before his parents visit .	He waits until the night before they will arrive to begin cleaning .
0	The next morning Thomas was checking out his yard .	One night there was a huge storm .
0	Several minutes later , George did n't feel hungry anymore .	But he did n't know what toppings he wanted .
0	Denise honked her horn to catch her coworker 's attention .	She saw her coworker driving next to her .
0	I had a fun time learning how to ride a horse .	I got on the horse to get over my fear .
0	Jim managed to hit her on the head with the ball .	She said that she 's enjoying the game .
0	Mom threatened to ground him for a month .	Sean objected loudly , because he did not want to wait .
0	The race began and that hound was determined to run one more race .	My greyhound 's ears perked right up and he stared down at the track .
1	We built sand castles .	Dad brought a picnic and we ate sandwiches on the beach .
0	She had to run cold water on it to reduce the pain .	Then , she burned her tongue .
0	One day a big storm blew over the stables and destroyed the stands .	He often won a lot of bets at that track .
0	She was cancer free .	When she went , she got a good report .
1	They walked around to explore different attractions .	One of the workers offered them a chance to play a game .
1	The father of the child is fighting for custody .	Tim is paying Tina 's lawyer to help her retain custody .
0	He ran down the hall very carelessly .	Eli was in a great hurry .
1	Dave took up the case and started his investigation .	He solved it immediately and shocked everybody .
1	Steve thought it was unfair and went to court .	The judge ruled that the ticket was unfair and he did not have to pay .
1	Santa 's lap had become very wet .	Santa also smelled heavily of alcohol .
0	Once aloft , the plane was rocked by severe turbulence , causing panic .	She was agitated by the upcoming meeting at company headquarters .
0	When Keri got there , her cousin took her to the barn .	Keri 's cousin invited her to the farm to see her new kittens .
1	I first buttered the bread and started the griddle .	I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread .
1	She had been married for 10 years and thought the stones were real .	Her husband confessed he had bought her fake diamonds !
1	He also added a few special effects to it .	In class , he was asked to go first .
0	She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me .	I was dating a girl .
0	Mary was surprised to learn French food was very diverse .	Mary protested and though she would hate it .
1	One day , he became sick with diarrhea , vomiting and rapid breathing .	Two days later , he died the same day as his vet appointment .
1	There was an old man selling a set of fruits .	No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows .
0	Dana finally has a new color for her nails .	Dana loves it .
1	Tony had a faithful dog .	Everyday the dog would wait for Tony to get home from school .
0	She was left-handed and had never seen anything like that .	She saw a cool booth for left-handed products .
1	They were in town and driving to her grandma 's house .	Gina saw the Ice Cream parlor she loved .
0	He hated his job , and wanted to quit .	He restocked items .
0	They made a pizza , popcorn , and grabbed other snacks .	They were now hungry .
1	He was n't able to pay him back .	Eventually he got into a lot of legal trouble .
1	He began studying these videos , making changes along the way .	Dave lost forty-five pounds !
1	Sam got a flat tire while going to work .	She did n't know how to change a flat tire .
0	He planned to put the card in his pocket .	It was for TGI Fridays .
1	Grandma launched her seed a mere foot away .	Grandpa sent his flying a yard in front of him .
1	She did n't think that was right but went for it .	Then , she baked the cupcakes .
1	She picked out colors .	She finally had the kitchen of her dreams .
1	Tim had a dog who loved his ball .	Tim would throw his dog the ball all the time .
0	They felt pity on him .	He went to a restaurant .
0	Tom was happy to see the porch was n't dusty any longer .	He found a broom and swept the porch meticulously .
0	She was watching them get ready and thought it looked fun .	Maggie had to bring her her coat before the float left .
0	They asked the students to vote on the animal .	The new building did n't have a mascot yet .
0	I started drinking coffee to get through my shift .	Then I took a job where I started at two in the morning .
1	After running several tests they figure out he has too much estrogen .	So they give him some testosterone injections .
0	We now feel so rested .	The campfires were the best .
0	She had to fix burgers that she had in the freezer instead .	But it was too big so she could n't get it in .
1	She just declined , and they eventually gave up .	She always felt sort of lame after that .
0	It was itching and causing him some discomfort .	Jim noticed a small rash on his ear .
0	She really wanted a pink one .	Kelly was happy the new phones just came out for Apple .
0	He never had time to clean up .	There was food and magazines everywhere .
0	She had surpassed the best score he had ever gotten !	Cindy bragged to her brother about how well she had done at bowling .
1	A talented woodworker tapped a nail in place on a board .	He stood back and measured the distance in his head .
0	Carter loved the party .	The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies .
0	One day he decided to make his own penny .	He always got them at amusement parks and things like that .
0	We decided to help her celebrate .	She celebrates a holiday called Hanukkah .
1	Chris and Joe were making eggs on a cast iron skillet .	Chris tried to wash the pan first with soap .
0	Her father reprimanded her severely over it .	The kite flew away .
0	She 'd been offered a guest spot on her favorite podcast .	Alice put on her headphones and began a Skype call .
1	He thought about taking the bus or walking .	Because he decided to play basketball later , he decided to walk .
1	Raven went to a bar to meet new people .	She just wanted to make friends .
1	A group of people suddenly appeared and thanked me .	Since they were looking for that cat , they offered me an award .
0	When she told me , I was irritated .	I spent an hour looking for the assignment .
1	She made sure her harness was double-checked for security .	Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform .
1	When Steve took up hiking , his dad gave him a compass .	As his dad showed how to use it , Steve daydreamed about the trek .
0	Gradually , he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand .	He cringed fearfully in the back of his kennel when she approached .
1	He decided to cool off by going for a drive .	While he was out his wife sat at home crying .
1	Amy had Advisory for her first class of the day .	It was her first day at this new school .
1	She was to stay home for 2 days .	Her mother banished her to her room for those 2 days .
1	Alex then found he had no laundry soap .	He also noticed that there was a huge puddle under the washer .
1	I sat down on a rubber couch and the couch made a fart like noise .	Everyone looked at me funny .
0	Inside was a Wii U .	He unwrapped the large box last .
1	Reading up on it , he realized that he needed a better pillow .	He kept seeing this ad for a great pillow on TV .
0	Marco put a bag in the microwave .	Someone suggested that they make popcorn .
1	While there , he made plans to hike a mountain , to Machu Picchu .	The mountain was incredibly steep , and Ned had trouble with the climb .
1	By the time he was 41 , Charles was homeless in a shelter .	A radio station journalist asked him how he felt being homeless ?
1	Because of this she decided to get a lock .	She ended up getting a fingerprint lock .
1	But a week before the show , Tina got laryngitis .	She sadly had to resign from the Christmas concert .
1	After she was done , she admired her work .	Then her dog trampled her newly planted flowers .
0	This friend was suspicious to hear that Shirley was getting replies .	She posted a picture of her attractive friend to improve her odds .
1	He gave it a strong yank to get the cork out .	The cork tore in two pieces .
0	The kids lined up at the end of the street to start .	She went door to door gathering participants .
1	May was feeling very depressed and unloved .	She contemplated ending her own life .
1	However , she squeezed a lemon into her eye .	It took her several minutes to remove the pain from the stinging .
0	Kell was so pleased with her cute baby chicks !	In a few weeks they hatched into chicks .
1	As soon as she was submerged in the water , she was fascinated .	Not only did she see many fish , but she came across several plants .
0	In the middle he lost interest .	He started doing it .
0	She loved their dog Jake very much .	She passed the Smith house and said hello the their dog .
1	He did n't know you should n't use the whole bottle of fluid .	Dan needs to buy a new grill and patio deck now .
1	The Renose family loved to go on vacation every year .	One year they bought a vacation house on the beach .
0	On the day of the barbecue everything was going well until it rained .	Two of his friends helped with the preparations .
0	Everyone was staring at him as he walked into class .	He arrived at school 20 minutes late .
1	He went to school for eight Years to become one .	He heard there were job openings available for police officers .
0	But Gina did n't want to tell Tami and seem like a silly little girl .	She wondered where Gina was going .
0	She loved the kitten very much .	She named the kitten mitten .
0	They had just arrived at a hotel for the night .	Danny was on a trip with his family .
1	Ralph had always wanted to see New Orleans .	He spent months saving his money for the trip .
0	So he would watch crime shows all day .	He liked murder not talking animals .
0	Now a club 's paying them to play tonight .	She started writing music as part of a band .
1	I searched every inch of my house looking for the family heirloom .	I went to bed that night , tears streaming down my face .
0	So Doug kept his daughter 's baby , fed her and played with her all day .	She did n't want to take her eight month old daughter .
0	The manager refused to send a technician unless he got several calls .	In 2012 the furnace started shutting down .
0	Next , he landed a speaking role in a movie starring Tom Cruise .	Steve made money as an extra in films .
0	Therefore we were disappointed .	Unfortunately though , we could n't have samples .
1	Jane was having a rough week .	She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood .
0	Matthew ran after him for an hour .	His horse Fred pushed the door and ran out .
1	Her parents said yes , but the baseball team was for boys only .	She wrote letters to the city counsel about how it was unfair .
1	He was supposed to put them away when he was done .	His mom found them on Sunday , blowing around the yard .
0	I am going to build another box for more kids to play in .	The sandbox has been a real hit amongst the children .
0	She made people laugh but they would soon grow tired of her antics .	Shari joked around too much .
1	I was so excited for the hike , I forgot my jacket in the car .	Halfway up the trail , the skies darkened and a nasty ice storm ensued !
0	Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment .	He would jump out of his bedroom window .
1	Years later she finally had her own house .	When she went to retrieve them , they all smelled of mildew !
0	The principal explained everything to her teacher .	Everyone was shocked when Ali walked into her class .
0	One day his friend ran out of gas .	He said it was economical .
0	When he went to get it they used his ID to verify it was his .	They said they had a wallet that matched the description .
1	They waited for hours , but the fish were n't biting .	Just as they were preparing to leave , Bo got a tug on his rod .
1	He ran from the bat and hid in his closet .	Oswald regretted moving to the country .
1	He often took her to play bingo .	He was convinced into playing once .
0	The puppy quickly learned to shake .	She did it by bribing him with treats .
0	He is started to feel very cooped up in his apartment .	Randall has been applying for jobs from home for months .
0	They worked hard all year and were very emotional .	Dan and his high school basketball team were Champions .
0	We had dinner with her at Victoria Station , a steak house .	She was very shy and said no , but changed her mind .
1	Seth always wanted to play chess , but he needed an opponent .	One day a teacher at his high school established a chess club .
0	When I arrived , I saw the band getting out of their tour bus .	I left work early to be able to make it to the venue early .
0	I went to the store just to look around .	I had the day off from work and was n't sure what to do .
0	Rob realized that this was hurting his ability to make business calls .	This schedule also just felt better for him .
0	She raised the seeds to seedlings before transplanting .	She bought green pepper seeds for her sister .
0	Chester trained with Carter for several weeks .	His friend Carter decided to teach him how to fight .
0	He powered it up .	Ben took his ATV to the beach .
1	The sky was dark and cloudy .	Mom said a storm was coming .
1	I asked the doctor if it was safe for my daughter .	Dr Melgar said it is a low dose and would recommend it .
0	SHe stayed put and waited for her family to find her .	Tia tried to remain calm .
1	Dean was estranged from his family .	One day his brother showed up .
0	The official made an allusion to needing a bribe .	Was this official selling to him actually a con artist ?
0	But soon other students had joined in , and it was chaotic !	They playfully started a food fight .
0	He scraped his knee .	Jon was playing outside .
0	He decided to take golf lessons .	His friends said he should try it .
1	The brown and teal cowboy boots were the most comfortable shoes .	Riley wore her cowboy boots to school the next day .
0	Although he apologized , she threatened to get her family .	She fell on the floor .
1	Later , he arrived home .	In his hands , he had the formula for his wife , surprising her .
1	John was a student in high school .	John arrived at school and noticed many classes had changed rooms .
0	The boy played with that toy all day .	He found a toy .
1	I ended up losing her this morning though .	But then I found her in my yard .
0	His current one was starting to get worn out .	Sam wanted to get a new keyboard .
0	She decides to never see them again .	Finally she has a big argument with her friends about fur .
0	I liked the book so much I bought another one in the series .	It was a murder mystery .
0	A customer sent a bike into the shop for repair .	A young man worked as an apprentice at a bicycle shop .
0	From there I followed the street to the mailbox .	I followed the driveway to the street .
1	I dug them out of the closet and tossed them in the trash .	I was sad all day long .
1	Becky was nervous for her test .	She thought she would n't do well .
0	She went to college and wanted to do something in math .	Betsy was really good with money .
0	Then she tried to check in .	She arrived at the office on time .
1	Her friend Lisa was coming to visit .	Gina , and her mom went to pick her up .
0	He stuck to his plan for over a week .	He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches .
0	Jill was warned that she would be fired if she acted up again .	Jill screamed at her boss for complaining about her work .
1	I learned different when my friend Tracy married Doug .	I have watched them argue , fuss and fight .
1	Mom decided to take us to the beach .	John and I played in the sand .
1	The woodsman sought out the biggest tree in the woods .	He swung his ax at the trunk .
1	Thankfully she picked up a cheap one .	It worked wonders .
0	Jane calls the police and reports him .	It turns out that he is one of London 's most wanted criminals .
0	He began recording his thoughts and making notes of his experience .	Harry got so blue , wondering how he could move on in life .
1	Amy spilled half the soda down her white shirt and on her pants .	Amy had to walk around the rest of the day with a stained shirt on .
1	Once we reached the targeted area , we used shovels to dig the ground .	We noticed a treasure chest in the ground .
0	He ate two boxes of cookies that night .	Jon asked for ten boxes of mint cookies .
1	Alex was asked to paint a picture to put up in gallery .	She looked through books and magazines to find inspiration .
1	They won the regional championship and were sent to nationals .	They lost at nationals but were very proud of their accomplishment .
1	He tried to quit but failed .	He could n't even stop when his wife begged him .
1	Carson invited two of his friends on a canoe trip .	They drove to a large river in the forest .
0	Her friend told her that she had a beautiful voice .	One day , her friend caught her singing .
0	She started reading it and calling it my diary .	Last week my bratty sister found it .
0	By the time they went to bed , they were sugar high .	Tina then had her friends watch a movie .
1	Suddenly , it started to rain .	My dog wanted to go back home .
0	The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted .	We decided to walk through the darkness and fog to the graveyard .
0	Allie and her friends left the factory with full bellies .	When Allie tasted the chocolate , it melted in her mouth .
0	And he was not allowed to wash dishes again .	Hey mom saw the cracked dish .
0	The cat laid down and snuggled with the couple .	The couple 's cat jumped up on the bed .
1	When we went into a cafeteria for lunch , they served pizza .	In addition , we went to recess .
1	I 've always wanted to do over a hundred push ups .	Right now I can do about fifty .
0	But one year , my brother had grown taller than me .	Sometimes we would get in real fights and I always won .
0	I went to school one day and showed my abilities .	Eventually he let me read it out loud on my own .
0	Her dad gave her his keys to relax in his car .	She just wanted some peace and quiet .
0	Every morning he makes a list of what fruit he would like that day .	Justin loves fresh fruit .
0	Finally Jasper runs in a local marathon .	As he jogs more , he finds himself becoming stronger .
0	The lifeguards put vinegar on it and Patrick had to stay out of water .	Suddenly a swarm of jellyfish came and stung Patrick who got out !
0	She was hoping the door would be unlocked so she could enter .	Gina returned to her classroom earlier than her class .
0	His dad made the final decision to allow him to keep the Nintendo .	When it arrived Alex 's mom was furious .
0	Tim was too lazy to return the dishwasher .	He then realized it was much too big for the kitchen cupboards .
0	Then she saw Nell was pointing at the family 's fancy poodle .	Her mom pulled at Nell 's arm , embarrassed .
0	He joined a local band and has fun playing .	Eventually he got really good .
0	The kids each wanted a different cat .	Papa sat down and let the kids choose which one they wanted .
1	She is very excited and ca n't wait to get there .	Overnight , a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning .
1	She thought it was because she was dressed differently than everyone .	During her first class , she met a cool kid named Maria .
1	Amy 's mom did n't want her to drink coffee .	She thought it was unhealthy for a 14 year old to do so .
0	But with a pop and skid , the wagon went off the road .	To grandma 's house they went .
0	A pick-up truck drove by .	The group was walking by the sidewalk .
0	He worried for a week trying to remember .	He was so ecstatic that he forgot what day they were going .
1	Ian had never flown on a plane .	He wanted to travel across the country .
0	Inside she found an evil wolf .	Her parents told her she should n't but she gathered up the courage .
1	She tried to eat them slowly , but they were so tasty she ate them all .	The next day , she had a bad stomachache .
1	Tom listened to the radio on the way .	Tom enjoyed listening to NPR in the mornings .
1	One day , my neighbor 's dog got into our yard .	He ate one of our ducks .
0	In three months , Joseph made it halfway across the USA !	He started slow , stopping in many towns along the way .
1	My friends laughed and said that frogs can not be purple .	I looked in several books and found out there really are purple frogs .
0	Trying to hide illness , she was rushed to the hospital .	One day Chloe found out that she was extremely sick .
1	I forgot to rsvp .	A lot of other people also forgot to rsvp .
0	I went to the cafeteria instead .	Since I did n't study for my math exam , I ditched the exam .
0	Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans .	Charlotte wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday .
0	On one of the rides , he leaned over and kissed me !	My boyfriend met me at the park .
0	After playing , i felt itchy .	While playing I hid behind a bush .
1	Josh went to go take his vitamin pills .	When he opened the bottle , he realized there were none left .
0	The pilot radioed the control tower .	It was time for the airplane to land at the airport .
1	Jenna was at the aquarium .	She saw a booth where you could buy fish for sea lions .
1	She finally saw her baby sister in her mother 's arms .	Sara was disappointed that the baby looked odd and smelled bad .
1	Daniel had a crush on a girl , so he asked her to the movies .	That day he picked her up for the date .
1	The baby was trying to learn to walk .	He was scooting along the couch .
0	We would take it off roading .	He had it decked out and had huge tires .
1	He even got straight A 's on his first report card .	One day he failed at playing chess .
0	The other two laughed rudely .	One of them slipped and fell .
1	She was unsure what exotic tropical disease she might 've contracted .	Then her doctor called to set her mind at ease .
0	When we got out of the car the cops came .	Our first stop was the laundry where Walt worked .
0	Ellen was arrested for drunk driving .	But then , near home , she struck another vehicle .
0	They met with all of the vendors .	They needed to upgrade systems .
1	Rob played the game for an hour before getting bored .	He sold the game to his friend Alex .
1	Unfortunately , he was in a desert so there was no water .	Sam died of dehydration .
1	However , I woke up within a next hour .	When I looked outside , I saw my mom .
1	She would n't eat and was n't playing .	The vet discovered floss around her tongue and snipped it off .
1	Mary was going to her family 's Thanksgiving dinner .	She was responsible for making deviled eggs .
1	Neil wanted to see the mountains of Asia .	He left India , where he had been journeying , and went to Nepal .
0	She overheard a neighbor criticizing the host 's taste .	Angie went to a cocktail party hosted by her best friend .
1	She was scared she might not make it through .	Jill had her surgery successfully .
0	He was devastated by his diagnosis .	Donald was diagnosed with lung cancer .
0	His upstairs neighbors were being loud .	Sam was trying to sleep .
0	She was bragging about a grocery delivery service .	I played an April Fools joke on my friend in 1996 .
0	She invited several of her good friends for drinks .	Khloe decided to have friends over for a drink night .
0	The boxes were a bit crumpled but still in good shape .	She tumbled all the boxes down the stairs to save time .
1	They rocked for hours on the stage .	The audience cheered for them .
0	The police officer said that she was going 10 miles over the limit .	She suddenly got pulled over by a police officer .
0	Sherry would n't let them watch anything on TV .	She watched the kids while their mom worked .
1	Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom .	When her mom went to the bathroom Gina sprung into action .
0	She knew she had done a good job !	She watched him eat it and saw the smile on his face .
1	He never made A 's .	He was determined to bring his grades up .
0	Mark ate dinner with his family .	He cooked them with some onions and mushrooms .
0	When I became a teenager my parents bought me a lizard .	One time my parents took me to the beach and I seen lizards all over .
0	He decided to go to a store instead .	It wanted to charge him five dollars per transaction .
1	He ran into Jane while walking to the store .	Mark likes Jane a lot .
0	Unfortunately , I had to give him $ 50 dollars .	He got mad and threatened me .
0	The girls laughed as they ran and caught fireflies .	Beth ran and grabbed jars to catch them in .
1	She started by separating whites and colors .	Then , she started one wash .
0	Tom told him that he would be busy that night .	Gary invited his friend Tom over .
1	One night there was a huge storm .	The next morning Thomas was checking out his yard .
1	Within a couple weeks , the Japanese vine had grown everywhere .	The client sued Scott for being a horrible landscaper .
1	Suddenly , she felt faint .	She collapsed and her friends surrounded her .
0	He tried to hire a boat .	Alas , he had to go to Malaysia .
0	When he got the test , Bob read every question carefully .	He walked into his class and took out his supplies .
0	I tried to repair the tent but it was not fixing the problem .	The screw tore a hole in my tent .
1	Joe was having a good day at school .	He got good grades on all of his quizzes .
0	One day a pigeon sat on an empty flower pot by our fire escape .	We lived in the city when we got married in 1981 .
0	After only a few days , the tomato plant died because of the sun .	The sun beat down on the tomato plant every day .
1	The Smith family went on vacation to Florida .	The children were playing in the ocean and watching the sunset .
0	The items were shipped to my local store for free and I was happy .	I bought everything I needed from home using Walmart 's website .
0	Within a day , all his tooth pain was gone .	Finally he made a dentist appointment and got the cavity fixed .
0	Weeks later , he saw the curtains in their house move .	Rick 's neighbors moved away .
1	Lucy wanted to go to the food court , but Stacy wanted to shop .	They decided to shop first , and then they got some pizza .
1	Phil wanted to do something to help the environment .	He became more conscious of the decisions he made .
1	He seasoned the raw turkey and eventually placed it in the oven .	It was heated for 2-3 hours .
0	Kylie and Josiah put their change together and bought some carrots .	They wanted to feed carrots to the giraffe too .
0	Luckily , he felt better after a few minutes .	His son unexpectedly threw up .
0	He went down there with no plan .	My son 's school friend moved from Boston to Austin .
0	She hugged her mom when Mrs Molly was fixed because she was so happy .	Her mom did not have anything to fix Mrs Molly , so she bought glue .
1	One of best beaches I love going to is on Martha 's Vineyard .	Martha 's Vineyard has some of the most beautiful beaches .
0	He thought it was too dangerous and went home .	Simon was by himself .
0	My niece does not want her daughter to go far away .	She wants to be a nurse .
1	I will wear it tomorrow .	My shopping trip was a success .
0	Soon after Mark became really itchy and red .	He went around smelling and touching all of the plants .
1	But Sandra 's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space .	But Sandra scolded her over chores and still would n't let her drive .
0	Erin was forced to drive to the library in order to print .	While it printed , the paper jammed and ruined the essay .
0	He must have blown hundreds of them !	He brought balloons to blow up for the kids .
0	My son went to prison for one month .	The mall decided to press charges .
1	They painstakingly dig a deep moat around their creation .	They decorate the walls and the surrounding area with seashells .
1	Bob put up reward posters all over the neighborhood .	Bob 's neighbor called him three days later to tell him he had his dog .
0	Susan sat behind him and stared at the cute guy .	She followed the cute guy to his science class .
1	He looked at the ground coffee that he usually buys .	But he saw another brand on sale .
1	Her class was buying holiday gifts for people in a retirement home .	June 's job was to pick out some fun socks .
1	Bob wanted to please people , so he gave it his best shot .	The IRS came after Bob for some honest mistakes he 'd made .
0	She has done that for a week now and feels better .	The doctor told her she needs to be drinking eight glasses per day .
1	He told Mary that he does n't know how to change a tire himself .	Mary changed the tire and fought him how for next time .
1	My teammate , who was open , caught the ball and ran .	He scored a touchdown .
1	The game became very one-sided .	The losing friend got mad and knocked the board over .
0	They had such an amazing time on the river that day .	The guide lead them down the river and the water started churning .
0	They decided to stay at the beach until the end of the day .	Drew forgot that the beach was south instead of east .
0	When he finishes the novel , he knows it is his best writing yet .	One day , after a trip to South Africa , Hector decides to write again !
0	The farmer thought he had hit a rock , so he needed to dig it out .	A farmer was plowing his field when his plow hit something .
0	His parents asked why he ca n't learn to cook for himself .	When they came home , Stanley yelled at them .
0	A ferocious storm causes it to be canceled in his theater .	He purchased tickets online well in advance .
0	When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales .	Deb was worried she was n't going to have enough money .
0	The doctor gave him medicine .	He went to the doctor .
0	Getting to go to France on that trip was a dream come true .	There we saw many monuments and works of art .
0	He started smoking cigarettes because he was pressured to do it .	Jared started hanging out with the wrong crowd lately .
0	She never had a pet before .	Tina always wanted a kitten .
0	Cory decided to wear better shoes for his second day exploration .	The next morning , the blister was much better .
0	At first he is embarrassed to distribute flyers in public .	Franco has started a new job distributing flyers for a coffee shop .
1	As soon as it 's in , he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck .	He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle .
1	Sean was in his kitchen .	He noticed a few gnats flying around .
0	I have watched them argue , fuss and fight .	I learned different when my friend Tracy married Doug .
1	It hit my front right wheel .	I stopped to see what it was .
1	The kitten looked scared and Jane felt bad for it .	Jane reached down the pick up the kitten .
1	I wanted her concert tickets to give as a Christmas gift .	Her online tickets sold out in twenty minutes .
1	She built a tall wall around the garden to protect it .	Now the neighbors never stop and Mavis is lonely in her garden .
0	After several days , I asked if she has the money .	She promised that she will pay my back .
1	Then , some band members walked by .	Then , the parade was over .
1	Ron loves to swim and used to do it every day at the gym .	He is older now and has a hard time getting in and out of the pool .
0	I did n't hear an answer .	I hollered who 's there at the back door .
0	Callie the cat was recently adopted .	She adored her humans more than anything , but needed a furry friend .
1	However , she made a mistake while stacking them .	She accidentally knocked the bottom of her tower with her knee !
0	Nick applied for jobs all over town .	Unfortunately , his family was very poor .
0	She tried to chew some gum .	As the plane descended , her ears began to hurt .
1	Burton applied online to his favorite universities .	He waited for their answers .
1	She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed .	In the morning , there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust .
1	However he was broke .	He thought that there was nothing he could do .
1	He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day every year .	He walked around the cemetery .
1	Brian donated 99 pairs of shoes to the local woman 's shelter .	Pam knows which shoes to wear now .
1	She shopped for sale items for which she had coupons .	Tia used her strategy to save lots of cash at the store .
1	He ran home and warned his fellow tribesman .	They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat .
1	Our grade school made us sell chocolate bars .	We would go around selling them to neighbors .
1	However , the phone was removed from her hand .	She began to cry loudly .
1	She did n't remember who arrived first .	All the drivers seemed to be unsure .
1	Whitney finally tried a bowl and it was lumpy and disgusting .	She was heartbroken that she had messed up her mom 's famous soup .
1	Thao needed to do a school project on dinosaurs .	She put off doing her research until day before the project was due .
1	He has play with many legends .	Buddy is celebrated and worshiped .
1	I was hiking through the desert .	I was on my way to get to a large canyon .
1	There was a snowstorm coming and Maria had to drive to work .	Maria left her house very early in order to get there on time .
1	Bob got a haircut from his barber .	He also bought a brand new suit .
1	I was eating in a Japanese bar .	My friend suggested we try mochi for dessert .
0	In the shower later I found out they were lotion .	We found some well priced items and bought three bottles .
0	Michael almost fainted as a result .	As she was handing him a pencil she touched his hand .
0	He went to all kinds of stores .	Kevin wanted a new living room chair .
0	Gina was scared to go near them so she backed up .	The big dogs barked and yanked at their chains .
1	Vivian wanted to be an artist .	Her parents said she had to go to medical school .
1	However , he ignored her completely .	Hannah was devastated by his unexplained coldness .
1	The original artwork is xeroxed and used to produce strips or books .	I have about 30 pieces of original art .
0	Tom decided that cheerios are not good with water .	One day he ran out of milk and could n't have them for dinner .
1	They had never been there before .	They traveled there by car .
1	They also left the bag on the table without throwing it away .	Sandy noticed that her chips were gone and became mad .
0	She buys him a bag of gummy worms .	His girlfriend Suzy knows this .
1	Thankfully the levels were easy .	After an hour I beat the game .
1	Then she found out he was the manager .	She worried the joking may have been too familiar .
1	He decided to learn to sculpt at university .	He practiced sculpture with diligence and patience .
0	He realized vegetables tasted better when you grew them yourself .	Finally he had carrots , beans and broccoli .
0	Jackson tries the software but he wants more practice .	His friend tells him to try using a language learning software .
0	Chad hoped that his wife would love the necklace he bought .	Chad decided he would order the diamond necklace for his wife .
1	Sunny got back into her car and heading towards the mall .	Sunny found some sunglasses and headed back to the beach .
1	The children wanted to make a fort .	They gathered all the cardboard boxes they could .
1	They were scratching vigorously at the door .	I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen .
0	In addition , the other team managed to steal it from her .	However , she stumbled when she had the ball .
0	There , she found a similar radio to the one that 'd broke .	She went to the secondhand store .
0	She was sad because she doubted she 'd get any .	Ada 's school was passing out Valentines .
0	She had to run errands and then she had to clean the house .	Julia had a lot of things to do that day .
1	Her son had had another nightmare .	She rolled over , so he could climb in next to her .
0	It took four hours .	Last week I took a bus to the city .
0	She asked her teacher but the teacher did not do anything .	She tried to fight back but they always beat her .
1	The doctor examined Joseph .	The doctor prescribed medicine for Joseph .
1	Alana had written a best-selling fantasy novel .	She decided to write a sequel to the book .
1	Ken went to his friend 's house for dinner .	As he sat down at the table he heard a snap .
1	He accidentally sliced his thumb open .	After that he was always careful with knives .
1	He sold lots of hats all day .	However , he soon ran out .
1	He often looked at pictures of the snow .	Larry visited Alaska to experience the snow .
1	We were all super excited for her .	She had a dress code that she had to stick to .
0	He read many of the most highly regarded works of literature .	He took up reading voraciously .
0	This was n't easy to do locally due to the small population .	He wanted to sell plastic molded copies of his work .
1	It decided to make the prarie its new home .	The goat lived out the rest of its life at the new prarie .
1	As she walked home from class she checked her missed texts .	Her mother wanted her to get milk .
1	After many hours , he realized he was lost .	John was out of food and water .
1	Ramona was in her house with her friends having a party .	The girls were having fun when Ramona felt something .
1	Kali went to do her first video music video .	She was very excited and ready to dance .
0	Scott 's dad bought him a new one for his birthday .	It was badly damaged .
1	Several stage performers sung for everyone and talked about god 's word	Afterwords , we went to a souvenir shop .
0	All they were doing was getting gas .	Two people were killed in the big city today !
1	She found brand new speakers for a very cheap price .	Terri went home to install her new speakers .
1	She was craving sugar .	She looked all over the kitchen , but no gummy bears .
0	He got her number .	They ended up liking each other .
0	It was a little stuffed hippo with a note attached .	After two months of being apart , I sent her a package .
0	This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories .	My Dad almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire .
0	Sheila 's belly was growing at a rapid rate .	They were very excited and prepared for the baby in every way .
0	Once it stopped , Jane ran outside with her coat and mittens on .	The snow fell fast and furiously for two hours .
1	I went to a restaurant and asked another what I should have .	He suggested the pork , so I ordered it .
0	Nancy conducted extensive research on several aspects of being a Nun .	Nancy wanted to become a Nun .
1	Vito decided to take it directly to the police station .	He left feeling really good about himself .
0	Latoya wanted a fish .	Samia wanted a dog .
1	Frank watched the entire debate .	He thought the other candidate might be more qualified for the job .
1	Becky bought new shoes .	She loved the way they looked .
0	When the doorbell rang Doug was expecting trick or treaters .	He sat in the window of his room and watched all the kids in costume .
1	Jim was on the the United States Olympic track team .	He participated in the long jump event .
0	One day , her sister told Nelly to stop following her .	Each day , Nelly followed her older sister to and from the new school .
1	Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards .	Zach has to pay Troy $ 100 for the wager that he made .
1	We danced away the rest of the evening .	And that is how I met my one and only pug-nosed dream .
1	Lucy picked up a butter knife to cut the cake .	Her grandma snatched the knife afraid Lucy would cut herself .
0	On his fifth birthday , his Mom told him he would meet his grandpa !	Ben had a grandpa who lived across the country and had never met him .
1	I ran around barefoot and got dirty often .	My dad got a job in the city .
0	I am very competitive , so I did n't go easy on them .	I played Monopoly with my kids last night .
0	He was late for work .	She took too long running errands .
0	He decided to take the day off from work and play a game .	The sun was out and the weather was perfect .
1	Margo liked to smoke .	She hid this from everyone she knew .
0	However , I became frustrated since it was hard to comprehend it .	I was practicing Korean during the afternoon .
1	We arrived at the statue and spent several hours exploring .	After the tour , we stopped for pizza and took a long bus ride home .
1	They tried to run when the cat came by .	The cat saw them and ran instead .
0	Now he had broken his leg .	Gina liked Jamie , but he was popular and had lots of friends .
1	I saw a penny lying there on the ground .	Watching it , I contemplated whether I should pick it up .
0	When Jen 's get home her mother she grounds her for a month .	The school principal calls to complain about what Jen is wearing .
1	We decided to walk through the darkness and fog to the graveyard .	The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted .
0	John went back to the store and bought a better violin .	He started practicing and two strings broke right away .
1	Rufus decides he needs to get a beer and join them .	He goes to the bar and orders one beer .
1	I suddenly see this random shirt flying in my direction .	It landed on the road before me , I had to drive over it .
0	He waits until the night before they will arrive to begin cleaning .	Francisco needs to clean his house before his parents visit .
1	I cut the plastic with a knife to fit the windows .	I taped and stapled the plastic to the windows .
0	His little brother was beside him .	Ed was throwing rocks at a nearby lake .
0	Mr Johnson decided to take his family out for a walk .	The Johnson were dismayed about the bad timing .
1	One day , she became startled as a dog ran up to her .	She ran as fast as she could , and the dog passed her .
1	He decided to find a better job .	He was offered a programming apprenticeship in Saint Louis .
1	He told me that he thought up words to go with the rhythms .	All of his examples were really funny !
1	He held on to the bag with his teeth and pulled .	The bag opened suddenly and potato chips flew everywhere !
1	So he took a beginning drawing class at his local college .	The first day , the class spent hours drawing primitive shapes .
0	Joe could n't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness .	He then began to feel jittery .
1	Jan 's horse bucked and Jane was thrown hard to the ground .	Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps .
1	He did n't see anything , and dropped the blinds .	The tapping quickly started again .
0	When they got back to land , he asked her on a date .	They talked the whole trip .
1	She had writer 's block , so she decided to go write at the park .	At the park , she saw a man get robbed .
1	He packed his clothes and some water and left .	After a few hours , he realized he needed his parents .
0	I asked him to please not give me a ticket .	The cop pulled me over .
1	Jim does n't have the heart to tell his friends the truth .	When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated
0	After loading up from the dock , we took off on our boat .	We loaded our boat onto a trailer and drove to the beach .
0	Brad enlisted - as a Navy researcher !	Finally he found a way to please both himself and his dad .
0	He finally saved up the money he needed .	He worked as hard as he could for months .
1	Amy was awakened by her mother .	Her friend Beth was on the phone for her .
0	Wendy tried baking some goods , and selling them one day .	Her friends encouraged her to make a living out of her cooking .
0	This caused her problems .	Stella loved to cook , but was not always attentive .
1	The puppy scratched at the door .	He wanted to go out to play .
0	It was time to act .	Sarah was nowhere to be seen .
1	His mother decided to sing to him .	He loved it .
0	Tim enjoyed his class .	Tim went to an introductory karate class .
1	He tried to take him down but it did n't work .	Bob told his brother he should join the team at school .
1	We stayed in contact throughout the years .	We both have children of our own now .
0	He decided to enter the science fair .	Leo was a student who loved science .
0	It took a long time .	Schmidt had to take the bus to work .
0	The roses were in full bloom when she remembered to come .	One Spring Julie forgot to help her grandmother with the garden .
1	She filed for unemployment , but was rejected .	Without any money , she had to move in with her parents .
0	He won enough money for a down payment .	One day he bought a scratching ticket .
0	There , Jessica apologized .	She decided to invite her out to lunch .
0	He tried his best every time he played .	He played for three months , twice a week .
0	Upon returning home Laura begins listening to her new find .	She purchases the record and heads home .
0	He bought the supplies from the hardware store .	Mike decided to install a second rung for clothes .
0	He decided to steal the soda .	He did n't have any money though .
1	Sally liked truffles a lot .	She was excited when she was told truffles were on the menu .
1	Drew forgot that the beach was south instead of east .	They decided to stay at the beach until the end of the day .
1	He logged into the course and joined the intro live class .	There were introductions for his classmates and the instructor .
1	Wendy ended up losing .	Everyone who betted for Karly won a lot of money .
0	He often did his chores and other shores without being told .	Johnny loved his Mom and Dad dearly .
1	The young woman was worried sick about her interview	She stayed up all night dreading the interview .
0	He could n't concentrate .	Ronnie procrastinated his essay .
0	But he had to listen to the school bell several times a day .	Ray lived close to an elementary school .
1	My wife 's nephew became a father last year .	His wife gave birth to a boy in September .
1	Jake put 225 pounds of weights on the barbell .	Jake concentrated really hard before his set .
1	Sara was scared to start high school .	She thought the students would make fun of her for being Muslim .
0	They wanted Brittany to decide which parent she wanted to live with .	Her parents moved to two different places .
0	It was from the quarterback , and it invited her to be his prom date !	She thought she would n't be able to attend , but then she got a note .
1	We all went to the store .	My daughter wanted to buy a pizza .
0	She asked her co worker for one .	Rachel needed to borrow a pen .
1	They watched it .	By the time it was over , everyone clapped .
1	I have been a vegan for several years .	I am passionate about veganism .
0	The only problem was we ended up getting lost .	It was very fun and we went to New York .
1	Suddenly , Max started to tell Laura how much he loved her .	Then he pulled out a ring and proposed .
0	We all punched him in the arm as a punishment .	Everyone else agreed that was against the rules .
0	Kyle brought it back to the library and had to pay a big fine .	He found it months later under a pile of newspapers .
0	I decided to give her recommendation a try .	My friend recommended that I mix the lentils with rice .
1	Gina returned to her classroom earlier than her class .	She was hoping the door would be unlocked so she could enter .
1	Jane decided to do a cleanse .	She visited Whole Foods and bought a cleanse in a box .
0	On opening night , she acted her little heart out .	She rehearsed for weeks and weeks .
0	It was now March Madness season in college basketball	Rob was a fan of basketball
0	She never thought she would win but she tried anyway .	Kelly had a drawing with her work last week about winning an iPad .
0	As a result they stopped cooperating .	However unfortunately the kids got tired .
0	The dog ran around and smelled everything .	Todd took his dog to the beach .
0	She went to work on her first day , ready and eager .	Ali got a job as a cleaning lady .
1	Nancy was walking to her interview .	She tried not to get any strains on her outfit .
0	They went back to the cabin and went to sleep .	They then had dinner at a nearby lodge .
1	On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park .	A few minutes after they were done playing , a pretty girl sat down .
0	Halloween was his favorite holiday .	He was anxious to go door to door and get candy .
1	Before I can capture it , it fell inside the sinkhole .	We requested a plumber to remove the pipe in order to get it .
1	The mud gets brought into the house by the four dogs that run .	I am tired of the mud so we went to the hardware store .
1	I went to a local tailor .	They measured me and made me a suit .
1	I met a beautiful lady while I was in college .	I mustered up the courage to ask her out .
1	Amy had Home Ec for her 3rd class .	It was her first day in junior high , but she felt comfortable .
1	The worse part is I was the only one there .	First party that I wanted to be over fast .
1	Stephanie woke up very hungry .	She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast .
1	We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared .	The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time .
0	I practiced for a whole day .	They took me to a practice wall in an arcade .
1	This morning I was having a bad feeling .	I thought that I was being followed .
1	Two people were killed in the big city today !	All they were doing was getting gas .
0	When they were roasting marshmallows a bear came to the site .	His dad played guitar poorly and his mom could n't sing .
1	I 've set a goal to lose thirty pounds by the end of June .	Running has always been a great way for me to get in shape .
1	Yves decided to make chocolate instead .	He grabbed some cacao beans and made milk chocolate .
1	I had to return them to the store .	I ended up getting a white pair with no heels .
0	She walked into the tattoo parlor and was shaking with fear .	Julia was nervous because she was getting her first tattoo today .
1	Rather than being disgusted , he smiled and peed beside her .	They both had a pee fetish .
1	Ken had a long day at work .	He decided to take a shower when he got home .
0	He kept checking the site every two or three minutes .	He checked all the user forums for information .
1	He checked his bank account .	His company had not paid him .
1	Gary called the local exterminator , who went to Gary 's house quickly .	After the exterminator killed all of the rats , Gary felt peace .
1	She had instructions for how to change her tire .	She was so proud when she managed to do it herself !
0	He dropped twenty pounds and made the team the next year .	He spent all offseason working on his speed .
0	Sylvia was innocent .	Sylvia was accused to robbing a bank .
1	They hung out everyday .	Lewis asked her out .
1	But while she was running it flew out of her hands .	Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground .
1	He almost gave up .	Finally , he found some fresh grapes to eat .
1	Her brother Jamie asked her why she was crying .	Jenny said she left her textbook at school .
0	The beaches and forests there were even more beautiful !	So he flew into the nearby country of Malaysia .
1	Alone one night , Lisa watched a ghost movie that left her nervous .	As she turned off the TV , a door suddenly slammed shut upstairs .
1	Lizzy was enjoying her trip to the petting zoo .	The lambs and the piglets were very sweet .
0	Amaya was so happy , she nearly cried .	The other students had chipped in and purchased Amaya 's book !
1	She was recently invited to interview for the job of her dreams .	Julie spent days preparing for the interview , but was still nervous .
1	Jane was out of hairspray one morning .	She ran to her daughter 's room and grabbed a bottle .
1	The talked to each other every day until they could finally meet .	She was nervous about the in person meeting .
0	Joe decided to stay there indefinitely .	He had an amazing time in Hawaii .
1	She washed them .	Then , she peeled them .
1	Ana wanted to go ice skating .	But she did n't have a pair of ice skates !
1	She saw Lou Gehrig and he looked so frail .	This was a week before he announced he had ALS .
0	The contest administrators were calling to say she 'd won !	Three weeks later she got a phone call .
0	Mark likes Jane a lot .	He ran into Jane while walking to the store .
0	He was sweating all down his face .	The day that Ed went to the market .
1	Suddenly she realized how little time she had .	She began to panic .
0	Austin is upset because now he has new car payments .	He thought the job paid more than what it did .
1	Mary protested and though she would hate it .	Mary was surprised to learn French food was very diverse .
1	One year at Halloween we carved pumpkins .	Someone thought it would be a good idea to throw them off the roof .
0	One day Jane saw a wet spot on the carpet .	But Jim preferred to spend his time playing instead .
0	Gina felt it was only fair he knew they all hated him ,	He seemed oblivious to the jealousy of the other students .
0	He finally got to try out his Christmas sled .	Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches .
0	When it arrived , he tore it open eagerly .	He waited all week for a letter from her .
1	Tia wanted to make a dress .	She bought patterns and fabric .
0	He ran home and jumped in the shower .	He said it was really yucky !
0	He bolted the door behind him and waited for the big one to come .	He ran from his car into his bomb shelter .
0	Another boy suddenly ran by and knocked his castle over .	He walked down by the water and built a sand castle .
1	It was Christmas eve .	Mary did n't have enough money for gifts .
1	Bob needed to study for an exam .	He only had one day before the test .
1	She finally woke up a few hours later .	She went inside her house .
1	He was here to assassinate the Earl of Abingdon .	He slinked through the dark corridors as silently as a shadow .
1	Jimmy wanted to learn karate .	His mom signed him up for lessons .
0	She ended up winning a lot of money !	One day she had gambled a lot of money .
0	He ran after the dog and started dragging me instead !	Suddenly , he spotted a dog in the distance .
1	The school made a large profit from the rate of the activity .	Elena , the treasurer ended up taking half of it to pay for her bills .
0	She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood .	Jane was having a rough week .
1	She got pushed by a big man beside her .	SHe fell down .
0	I explained we were in Pennsylvania .	I tried to explain to him once that New York is the state above us .
1	The next day , he purposely tripped Henry while he was walking .	He also called Henry ugly since his face landed on the ground .
0	Once Liberty caught him peeking , and undressed for him to watch .	He would spy on her from his window .
1	They loved seeing all of the animals .	The one thing they did n't like was the shark tunnel .
1	Paris stole a fancy dress and went to a party .	She got boys to buy her drinks .
1	Lary thought the tree would be small .	The tree grew to be over twenty feet tall !
1	Charles graduated college and rented an apartment .	He still lived in college town and missed home .
0	The barking got clearer as she got closer to the creek .	As she got further from the house , she heard a faint barking .
0	They floated into the path of the setting sun on the water .	To the East , they could see the moon rising .
0	She said that my cousin was faking the results .	However , my sister talked to me about her during the next day .
1	Warriors from each side died bravely .	They suddenly became aware a of new threat as smoke wafted in .
0	He always hoped he was innocent , but lost his idol through the drama .	So it destroyed him when he saw the white Bronco chase .
0	The two men attacked Dean , and stole his money .	He was approached by two young men outside of the store .
0	He no clue what the other answers were .	He was able to fill in most of it .
1	Even though he was old , he still rock climbed .	He decided to go with his grandkids .
0	Every time he asked to have some his dad said no .	He thought it must be pretty delicious .
0	They could be doing way worse things than having band practice .	I think it is wonderful to listen because those kids are working hard .
0	The back of the truck opened up by accident .	He decided to take the highway to get to the store faster .
0	It seemed no direction had any better reception .	The signal was fading so he turned around to listen more .
1	She decided to mow the lawn for her parents to earn money .	She mowed the lawn three times before she had earned enough .
1	They took their time crossing the street .	One man was impatient .
1	Ronnie 's daughter liked the new friend so much she shared with her .	Ronnie was relieved that the problem had solved itself .
0	He toured for weeks , loving every day there .	He was awed by the beauty of the nature and cities there !
1	Maddie knew that staying home alone was n't a good idea .	The news was filled with stories of young girls in the area dying .
1	Chad decided he would surprise his friend with a song tribute .	Chad picked out what he thought was the perfect song .
1	They had a lot of fun during the shoot .	After they were done , the couple promised to leave a positive review .
0	Tim took a huge bowl of it .	He saw a guy giving out free ice cream .
1	They were volunteering for the Easter party that day .	They signed in and got their lanyard and a free t shirt .
1	Perry played hard and made it to the championships .	Now , Perry is in the Baseball Hall of Fame .
1	But the weak legs of the desk collapsed .	Now the light bulb and desk were broken too .
1	The television he wanted was on sale for half the price !	Jerome enjoyed watching his favorite movies on his new television .
0	The one place for peace , praying and gathering as God ask her to .	Kate had the perfect church home .
1	She made her way down to the panda enclosure .	All the pandas were sleeping .
1	The cop pulled me over .	I asked him to please not give me a ticket .
0	It was missing a leg !	Tia found a newt by the creek .
0	Minnie growled and hissed at the new arrival .	One day , her owners decided to adopt a new kitten .
1	Bob just started college this year and is a Zoology major .	He purchased all his textbooks and pretty much ran out of money .
1	Before having dinner , Jeff worked on putting up the lights .	He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family .
1	When she was finished she realized she no longer liked the furniture .	It seemed unattractive , seeing it in pieces made it feel cheap .
1	She went back home to change her clothes .	Before she left again , she put on a rain coat .
0	But it was full .	He tried to enroll in the math class for next semester .
1	Then she noticed that she was almost out of gas .	The nearest exit was twenty miles away .
1	He insisted his basketball game was more important than her dinner .	Hannah angrily decided to invite another male friend of hers instead .
1	Angela invited Heather to her farm for the weekend .	When her dad was out , Angela sneaked the 3-wheeler key .
1	But his girlfriend smelled trouble and begged him to stay in .	Kay reluctantly agreed to a quiet dinner and movie celebration .
0	However she was very indecisive about the toppings .	Julia carefully followed the instructions from her cookbook .
0	Now , her hair was very tangled .	Molly had fallen asleep with her hair in a bun .
0	But he needed the money for rent .	Charles knew letting a gay couple move in his apartment was a mistake .
1	She now can see better .	Grace also has better grades in school .
0	He knew he might get caught , but he did n't care .	There he was poised to make a run for it .
1	Maria was laying in her bed .	She needed to get up early the next day .
0	Upset with himself , John decided to change his ways .	John always went early in the morning , but he always failed .
0	So Jim decided to pour milk on his uncooked oats .	But one day , it was too hot to eat it .
0	Her dad felt bad so got them both .	She found two dogs she wanted .
1	Bob had round glasses .	His friends told him they were ugly .
1	She removed large objects from high shelves .	And she bought an emergency medical kit .
0	He labored all day to finish the job .	He gathered his tools and material supplies .
0	She yelled at John until he came and cleaned it up .	The thing was full of water and mashed rice .
0	When he tossed the coin , it rolled and fell through a grate .	He won on the first coin toss , then offered to double the bet .
0	The only problem was that she did n't have a credit or debit card .	Ty 's mom wanted to shop online .
1	Justin 's apartment reeked .	He was a messy guy so naturally , gross smells built up .
1	He picked at the stone with a chisel .	He carved the rock into a lion head and kept it .
1	Steve dug holes in the yard to insert the young plants .	When he was done , Steve stood back and admired his work .
1	Finally Tyler asks her to the prom	Jen is so relieved to have a prom date .
1	She decided to make dinner herself , for the first time .	She very carefully boiled water , and cooked spaghetti noodles .
1	The new Windows phone was coming out .	Carrie was super excited .
0	They bought all their supplies .	They boys had a fishing trip planned .
0	She debated whether to buy it as it was fifty dollars .	One day she found a lovely unmarked handbag at the local thrift store .
1	Joe tripped carrying a carton of milk .	He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill .
0	Alas , my computer did n't allow RAM upgrades .	So , I decided to upgrade my RAM .
1	She climbed to the top of the tree to take the frisbee .	She was using it again and it landed in the trash this time .
1	The bird flew off with his sandwich into the sky .	Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home .
1	He saw a local ice cream shop and decided to walk in .	Jared walked into the line and waited to order .
1	She called up all of Mary 's friends and invited them over .	Mary went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised .
0	The teacher said it was time to find a partner .	He was n't sure he would get along with all of the girls .
1	We picked a nice area and set up a sheet and ate sandwiches .	Unfortunately within minutes we were overrun by ants .
0	Her grandmother passed later that year .	Alyssa wore the brooch as often as she was allowed .
0	Annie points out the Robin to the neighbor .	Annie sees a Robin .
1	One night his roommate drunkenly took it down .	Sam found it in the dumpster and put it back up .
0	She decided to use the money for more tickets .	Ivy won five dollars on a scratch lottery ticket .
0	She reported the incident to her school .	She freaked out since the text was a threat .
1	I had been crushing on the girl for months .	In the middle of the movie we were watching I went in for a kiss .
0	The mayor told the advising committee of the great name .	One friend said they should call it Mega Tower .
1	One day Bob 's body developed an allergy to chocolate .	Bob did n't realize he could n't eat it .
1	I knew of a young man who won the lottery .	He used to ride lawn mowers .
0	Ali had gotten into a fight with the friends little sister .	Amy had taken her sister Ali with to a friends house .
0	Unfortunately , he had no customers .	He had many different flavors .
0	She let her body take over .	But Anna could n't help but push !
1	It was caused by untreated salmonella , which happens very rarely .	Rob was successfully treated , becoming a famous medical case study !
1	Billy stopped for coffee on his way to work .	The coffee energized him .
1	My boss pulled me aside at work .	I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday .
1	He waited by his computer until the tickets were available .	He quickly bought tickets for two different showings .
0	The other car then kept going .	His car got scratched .
0	She wore sandals again and heard her feet looked like boat oars .	One day she wore sandals to class and Mark gave her a compliment .
1	Ricardo realized he had spent all his money on the tv .	Now he has a tv but ca n't watch anything on it .
1	I got distracted with my new video game .	When my mom got home the laundry was not done .
0	Leslie was mad .	Unfortunately there were n't any .
1	One morning he awoke to the sound of a bear tearing through the trash .	He called animal control and had the bear relocated .
1	Grady went tubing behind a boat .	The boat went very fast .
1	He drove thirty minutes to a pet store .	When he got there , he could not decide which fish he wanted .
1	She became concerned that I was lost .	Finally I went inside in the evening and she was relieved .
0	I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree .	I set up the tree in front of my front room windows .
0	We mostly played basketball together .	Therefore , I decided to go to the park with my friends .
0	Finally , they paid for the tree and went home .	Together , they chopped it down .
1	The car was beautiful and shiny .	One day Charlie drove his car to work .
1	As she planted a row of seeds , she marked it with the seed packet .	When she was done , Sue admired the neat rows of different seeds .
0	I had to spend a long time picking up the glass shards .	One day , I dropped the bottle and it broke .
1	Although the move was a hassle , Mark enjoyed his new home .	Mark enjoyed his new life as a Florida resident .
0	When they became ripe he picked them .	Ian grew his own hot peppers in his garden .
0	Although she once loved her husband , she now finds him boring .	Janice has been unhappy in her marriage for many Year 's .
1	The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire !	Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire .
1	It was a coconut !	Her grandpa opened if for her to taste it .
0	Her mom had hidden a spare key under the flowerpot on the porch !	Janet was cold and scared , but then she remembered a secret .
0	She had to add a 3D element to her piece .	Suddenly , her teacher informed her that she was missing a requirement .
0	He could not keep up .	They wanted it back with interest .
1	She let the students wear their art for the rest of the day .	Before dismissing class , Susan wanted to photograph the necklaces .
0	Tim had a big yellow snake .	There was a kid named Tim .
0	She dreaded the fact that she still had to wrap the gifts .	Anita was tired from a long day of shopping .
0	Suddenly , he spotted something black .	Ethan was walking at the mall .
0	He was n't allowed to leave his room .	Rob was grounded for a week .
0	She had to do her makeup much faster than usual .	Cathy was in a rush to get to school .
0	The entire family love playing with Rex .	Rex was our family dog .
0	He challenged one of his friends to a scrimmage .	He was always a starter on the team .
0	She introduced herself to the girl seated next to her .	Amy was happy her first class in junior high was all new kids .
0	I picked the cookies up , put them on my plate , and ate them anyway .	When I opened the cookies ' package , I dropped the food everywhere .
1	I was out walking by the river one night .	It was dark and snowy .
1	Tim was hungry so he looked around for food .	He could n't find anything , so he decided to order a pizza .
0	Mom said a storm was coming .	The sky was dark and cloudy .
1	Cornelia has always hated flossing her teeth .	However , her dentist tells her that she needs to floss to be healthy .
1	She asked where he was .	She was waiting at a different restaurant !
1	For a while she hid it well .	Yet one day her parents found out .
1	She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off .	Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long .
0	Kevin attacked one of the dogs in frustration .	But the other dogs did not seem interested in Kevin .
0	I changed my will to include cremation services .	I found one on Ebay and it cost too much money .
0	He watched the game very intently .	A man took out a big bet against the Jets .
1	Alex was at a house party .	Suddenly , the cops arrived .
1	But she had bought a bag full of video games for them to play .	They had so much fun they forgot about their plans .
0	She went to the store to get it repaired .	Allison picked up the phone .
0	There was one cookie left .	We had a great time eating the cookies .
0	On his first day of school he was scared that no one would like him .	Andrew 's family had just moved to town .
0	There was leftover pizza on the table .	Mike was hungry .
0	Lindsay scheduled the surgery .	It was determined she needed her gallbladder and appendix out .
0	Everyone took several bites before realizing the pain .	They were extra spicy but no one knew that .
1	The other students had chipped in and purchased Amaya 's book !	Amaya was so happy , she nearly cried .
0	This made her teacher very mad and she gave Brittany detention for it .	To get her in trouble , she told lies about her to her mom .
0	It was a huge responsibility and he was just worn out .	He had been trying to work a full time job and pastor a church too .
0	His mother made him sit in time out .	One of the toys broke the television .
0	She tried to make it back to the dock , but the gas ran out .	They were riding around having fun when she noticed the gas was low .
1	He made a small error .	It cost us $ 50 less in refunds .
1	All of the sudden , a bird decided to perch on his shoulder .	Bob was excited and took a picture with the bird .
0	She did not cry but she was very skeptical about him .	She sat on his lap .
1	Julie 's family went camping .	Her dad forgot to check the weather forecast .
0	He cooked the meal , then invited his friend Bob over .	He ended up going to the store to look for ingredients to a meal .
1	He practiced day and night talking into his mirror .	On the day of the presentation , he went early to practice some more .
0	She ended up burning everything .	Her husband , Tim , was skeptical .
0	Ben 's uncle became very angry at his wife 's brother over a disagreement .	The family sat down at the table to eat and began to talk politics .
0	Unbeknownst to him his parents were there buying clothes .	Instead he went to the mall to hang out .
1	Even though I was only seven years old , I caught a huge flounder .	We had them filet it and prepare it for us .
1	She was now beautiful and got lots of attention .	She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone .
0	The computer had a virus and the repairs would be costly .	I took it into the shop to get looked at .
0	She had to fill up a watering can to water those flowers .	The hose did not reach the plants .
0	They argued over the frog for a minute .	The other girl protested and told her to let it go .
1	He was already down four games .	Will challenged him to a final game .
1	Gina considered apologizing to end the feud .	But she had n't been the one to start it .
0	But then she saw it actually had a flaw .	Finally she saw one she liked .
1	I watched as he prayed and clapped double time .	I decided to just ask him what the hell was he doing .
1	She moved during the winter and did n't realize how cold it would be .	She did n't have a warm coat so her Mom let her borrow one .
0	Everyone afterward praised the selfish man .	He pulled the injured woman from the car , worried about a lawsuit .
0	He went to the doctor to get it checked out .	He had a headache and felt nauseous .
1	The hippos were very hungry .	The hippos ate everything they could find .
0	I spotted some kids playing across the street .	One day I was out mowing my lawn .
1	Sandra followed the girl to her car .	And she saw the girl take money from the donation box .
1	He was unable to get back up .	It turned out to be badly broken .
0	He had to purchase some food for a party .	Jeffrey went to the store .
0	She did n't plan on going but last minute she was invited .	Sara 's favorite band was playing in town .
1	Gerald called his friends so that they could go to the beach .	They all went to the beach and played volleyball .
1	But , it was n't popular where he lived .	He decided to start a slamball club .
1	When I went to visit my aunt , no one was home .	We promised to hang out , but she had to go to work .
1	She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk .	After walking for over a mile , something happened .
0	Then , he threw the balloon right at his face .	He noticed his brother was distracted .
0	Indeed , the rice tasted delicious !	I decided to follow his advice .
0	She looked through all the lovely clothes from eras past .	Now it was open once again .
0	Every doctor appointment and heartbeat was cherished .	When I had found out I was pregnant , I was so thrilled .
0	He did not have anything to cook at his house .	Todd was hungry .
1	While they were having fun , it started to rain .	Luckily the girls made it home quickly before it downpoured .
0	The boss let him drive the bulldozer around for fun .	Mike was on his last day working at a construction site .
1	Margo began babysitting her mother 's employer 's son .	She found a disturbing photograph in the house .
1	Betty was nervous as she had never attended a classical music concert .	Both she and John were dressed in formal wear .
0	But Charles did n't care , he was having the ride of his life .	A guy flirted with his mother .
1	Sadly , she lost touch with him when she went broke .	Susan still hopes her prince will find her again someday .
0	And he never accomplished anything .	He dreamed too much .
1	Ryan was a generally rude person .	One day he went out to eat at a restaurant .
1	She told her mom she was sick , hoping for sympathy .	Sandy 's mom felt her forehead and said she was n't sick .
1	Robin could n't wait to get home to play with the stolen toy .	When she got home , though , she buried the doll in her yard .
1	They searched for a shower for what felt like ages .	Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever .
1	Both people were very stubborn about the situation .	Their compromise was to sit on each other 's lap .
1	The lady told Amy the shades they had were the only ones .	Amy was upset they did n't make a shade in her color .
1	I noticed that several of the questions were complicated .	When I attempted the first question , I spent one hour doing nothing .
0	He won $ 10,000 on the spot !	He scratched it off hoping his luck was changing .
1	Then , she brought the pie to dinner .	Everyone loved it .
0	Chris did the chores he was asked to do .	His dad decided to give him extra allowance if he did more chores .
1	He had an amazing time in Hawaii .	Joe decided to stay there indefinitely .
1	Howard received a call from his boss one day .	He was told to fire an employee to cut costs .
0	They left the theater and Doug drove the girl straight home .	When a gory scene came on screen , the date threw up in Doug 's lab .
1	Briana started to worry .	Luckily , they found the turtle under the table .
0	There was no one there .	Roger opened the door .
1	He reluctantly went to the dentist .	He was so nervous about this that he nearly wrecked his car .
0	She began to cry loudly .	However , the phone was removed from her hand .
0	He only had three members but needed more members for funding .	Tim was the leader of his school 's mathematics club .
0	He bought a bunch of silver dollars at the current price .	Jason wanted to invest in silver .
1	Barry searched the internet for a quick and easy recipe .	After finding the recipe , Barry gathered the ingredients .
0	We asked her how her son Henry was .	Julia gave us a piece of cake tonight .
0	The coach said that I need to work on my swing .	I did n't make the team though which was disappointing .
0	He went to the mall to look for a pair .	Johnny needed to buy new basketball shoes for his basketball league .
0	I had no idea what to write .	The teacher gave us an assignment in class to write a short story .
0	His peers kept on telling him he would n't make it .	Bob 's dream was to be a soccer player .
0	She had a bag full of so many quarters .	Finally she decided to make a $ 20 into all quarters .
0	Then , a delivery man came with flowers from the widower .	In the hospital , Marge thought she had missed out on love .
1	Milly decided she was going to take her cat for a walk .	Dogs went for walks all the time , so cats should have the chance , too .
0	When the photos were done , she saw that hers had come out poorly .	During lunch , she had her photo taken .
0	On weekdays his dad is busy .	Johnny loves playing catch with his dad .
0	He was glad his mom made him go so he could dance with this girl .	A girl asked him to dance and he had to say yes .
0	He was laying in a puddle of his own blood .	He woke up hours later .
1	Dan , however , showed the note to all his friends .	Candy 's feelings were hurt by what her crush did .
0	She was able to work out a great deal with the dealership .	She finally found one she liked .
1	The truck almost hit Rex 's bike .	Rex was happy to have moved just in time to miss the truck .
1	He was really mad .	He learned not to gamble on sports .
1	She watched the video and practiced a lot .	Kelly now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother .
1	Tom needed one more quarter for bus fare .	He checked his pockets again but only found a penny .
0	But a few minutes later , her stomach began to turn .	Cindy was hungry and quickly ate it .
0	Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to rescue his daughter .	While in the canoe , Ted 's youngest daughter fell out .
1	The sun beat down on the tomato plant every day .	After only a few days , the tomato plant died because of the sun .
0	Josh wanted to get a good steak .	His wife did not like steak .
0	When he gets the money they get divorced .	So he quickly marries his best friend .
0	He tried to distract himself , but the melody kept repeating itself .	Ray could n't get an irritating tune out of his head .
0	Food and the tickets are overpriced .	They overcharge for everything .
0	She went to the bathroom and sat on the counter .	But she did n't want to go .
0	She had a wonderful time on her cruise .	Anna took loads of photos .
1	Allan 's dog started chasing a neighbor 's cat .	He chased the cat into the busy street !
1	Jessica and her boyfriend went to the theater to watch a movie .	There were many choices .
0	There were a lot of people they did n't know .	Amy and Beth walked into Ella 's party trying to look cool .
0	It was weird but interesting .	We all picked the same toppings .
1	Jeanne nervously stared at the door .	Minutes earlier Jeanne had completed an online transaction .
0	Janet went out and had a great day .	The view was inspiring .
1	Andy had a lot of information online .	He was always worried about hackers .
0	I hated being in crowded hallways so I took out speedwalking .	One day my teacher allowed us to dismiss 30 seconds before the bell .
1	Beth hates to clean .	She is learning to clean more daily .
1	The community college offers a lifeguard course for $ 100 .	George wants to be a lifeguard .
1	Jessica asked her parents to help start a lemonade stand .	They agreed , and set the entire thing up for her .
0	He beat Will up because he wanted to take out the toughest kid .	One day a new kid came to school .
1	When Michael went to get off on his exit it was closed .	He was sent on a detour and was twenty minutes late .
1	I could n't sleep and was tossing and turning all night .	I got up and walked around the yard to try and burn some energy .
0	He knew every answer on the show and set a new record .	He auditioned in disguise for another trivia game show .
0	Lilly began to cry .	Her mom told her to wait till friday .
1	The closest she ever got was bronze .	It was at an important competition and she got local fame .
1	It fit tightly in the store a month ago .	One the night of the reunion it did n't want to zip up .
1	Marco really wanted a new puppy .	He asked his mom and dad for one , and they said yes !
0	Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away .	The old man thanked Sally for a nice visit and they parted ways .
1	And he decided to leave his kitchen for a while .	He came back 5 minutes later .
0	And she bought an emergency medical kit .	She removed large objects from high shelves .
1	I was very out of shape .	I needed to start working out .
1	Gunther had heard that coding skills were in high demand .	He decided to learn how to write python code .
1	He could score lots of points and pass very well .	In the championship game Gerald could n't score enough points .
0	She was coming home when she saw a commotion on her street .	Cammie was out at the store .
1	Mary was at a ball game .	She went to the concession stand and bought nachos .
0	She was both happy and scared at the same time .	When she took a bite she noticed that her tooth was in it .
1	She watched as he did it once .	She then attempted herself .
0	He promised everything he could think of to gain votes .	Moe decided to run for president .
1	So he told the waiter about it .	Mike was n't given a new burger and he left .
1	My dog was not acting like herself .	I took her to the vet .
0	He even learned about the old headhunters !	There he studied the fascinating local culture .
0	He cooked them and defeathered them	What he really did though , was kill pigeons behind his stall .
0	After 3 days Beth left and returned home .	They went to the theater , and the museum .
0	He decides to go out to get some fried chicken .	Jasper realizes there is no food at his house .
1	Hearing her stomach growl , Gail decided to wait ten more minutes .	Nine minutes later , the waitress served Gail her dinner order .
0	I realize my writing may never be famous .	I am proud to be a writer .
1	After the store , Matt surprised her a dinner date .	They went to the fanciest restaurant in town .
1	He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club .	Jerry trained hard and kept his nutrition in check .
1	He spent the entire afternoon picking apples .	He had a huge basket of apples at the end of the day .
0	The court hired musicologists to compare the notes .	He got a lawyer and took Stevie to court for copyright infringement .
0	He finally quit smoking .	Used the patch for a month .
0	Mary spent the next 20 minutes flushing her son 's eye with water .	He squirted himself in the eye .
0	Jill liked the slideshow .	Her mother showed her a slideshow of the great town she lived in .
1	George really like hot dogs .	He saw a flyer for a hot dog eating contest at the state fair .
0	I had never been stung before .	In fifth grade I got stung by a bee .
0	After a year , I decided to fly out and see him .	My best friend got married and moved to Hawaii .
0	Kelly loved the homemade unicorn costume .	Then her mom created a horn herself and glued it on .
1	My friend got into a car accident yesterday .	She was on her way home from work and hit a deer .
0	Everyone thought that was a part of the gag and laughed .	He decided to put on a scarf over his eyes .
0	Finn started having nightmares about Krampus .	If he did n't , Krampus would put him in a bag and beat him .
1	He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client .	Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field .
0	Art decided he could prove her wrong .	But his mom nagged him , saying video games would n't pay the bills .
0	It was her first day in junior high , but she felt comfortable .	Amy had Home Ec for her 3rd class .
1	He was on the highway .	He started looking at his radio .
0	Tom denied the allegations .	Tom gets accused of cheating on Ariana with a girl he met in Miami .
1	All of their friends and family came to celebrate with him .	At the end of the day , everyone was very tired .
0	He got the sixty dollars .	Andrew mowed his friends lawn .
1	My brother had no words for the Opossum 's bravery .	He left the Opossum alone and it eventually left on its own accord .
1	Every time Fanny would play piano , the cat would respond .	The husband started to become jealous of the attention she gave it .
1	She had to finished the meals for a few more minutes .	To her dismay , her cake was burning .
1	Casey was decorating her Christmas tree .	She was putting up each ornament , when she found one broken .
0	Bob did n't have enough money or a ride to the show .	Bob wanted to see his favorite band perform this weekend .
0	He was introduced to the principal and guidance counselor .	His brother basically escorted them throughout the school .
1	He tried it out for the first time .	He ended up with 10 fish by the end of the day .
1	Enid really needed some cash .	She was behind on all her bills .
1	My cats chewed through my headphone cords .	I decided to buy new headphones .
1	Her card was denied .	Tears ran down her cheeks until someone behind her paid for her .
0	Jeb was so sad that he never played earthquake again .	Everything fell down and broke .
0	Finally she decided it was best to quit .	It was very difficult and she began to hate it .
0	Before my Fifth birthday , she changed the day on my birth certificate .	An error was made and I was born on December 3 .
1	But he wanted to become healthier .	Ron walked for an hour every day .
1	She never gets far and I think that makes her unhappy .	Today after I put up our artificial Christmas Tree I heard a noise .
0	Later , she saw the mermaid at the mall , without her tail .	Molly was thrilled to see a lady in a mermaid suit in an aquarium .
1	Mike 's family was at the beach in July .	It was super hot , over 100 degrees by 10:00 am .
1	She tells her boss she is ready to work extra hard for the promotion .	Suzy comes in early and stays late to show her dedication .
1	Lea is driving to work when she receives a text message .	She decides to reply to the message while driving .
0	He put on his clothes and drove to the office .	Bill woke up early to go to work .
1	When it is finished , she realizes she has become sick .	Laura gets plenty of sleep and drinks liquids for a few days .
1	I think that she will do just fine there , as she meets my family .	I 'm very excited to go !
1	Because of this , her grandparents bought her a butterfly net .	She hunted and caught the butterflies to put them in a jar .
0	In the process he became soiled from the water splashing .	Cal got out a plunger and plunged until it was unclogged .
0	He tried to cover his mouth but it was too late .	Mark had a nasty cough .
0	Leslie started working on getting the pit filled .	Leslie promised to take care of it .
0	When the clothes were done , he straightened the clothes .	However , he accidentally threw a red dress shirt in the washer .
1	It was raining a little so we had to be fast !	Once the walk was done , we went back inside and had some coffee .
1	Danny 's mom always packed him a lunch in a brown bag .	He ate alone to avoid opening the paper sack in front of anyone .
1	She had surgery and chemotherapy .	She was very sick .
0	She bought all the ingredients at the store .	She wanted to make chicken pot pie for her family .
0	On the golf range I saw lots of people my age .	I reluctantly accepted his invitation .
1	Due to the poor economy , they needed a 50k down payment .	At first , Chris and Aimee were discouraged .
0	She needed to catch up on her house payment .	She needed to figure out how to increase her income .
0	He tried to control what she did , wore , and who she saw .	Then it became apparent that her boyfriend was manipulative .
1	He stayed up late reading books under the cover .	He eventually went to sleep .
0	During the interview , he was nervous and unsure .	Two weeks later , he got called to come for an interview .
1	He rode around and then found friends to ride around with .	His friends were much more skilled than he was and bigger .
0	One day , she forgot to close a window .	She only had her for a few months .
0	They wanted to announce it in a fun way .	Matt and Sarah were pregnant .
0	Tiffany threw her back out and had to wait to start working out again .	She went to the gym and started lifting super heavyweights .
0	Next I went to the boutique , but no dresses were in my size .	First I tried the big department store , but the styles were so generic .
1	Joanne 's family rarely used the swimming pool anymore .	She got tired of closing it and opening it every year .
1	I called the post office and they said they had my package .	I drove over to the post office as fast as I could .
1	She threw it again .	This time the dog missed .
0	I hid the candy in a high cabinet so my children would n't eat them .	I bought a bag of jellybeans for Easter .
0	After they were done , the couple promised to leave a positive review .	They had a lot of fun during the shoot .
0	Unfortunately , Jimmy 's snake got to Tom 's toad before he could .	Tom let his toad roam freely around Jimmy 's house .
0	Ryan took the bus back home .	The school closed early because there was too much snow .
1	Len was almost done with his first short story .	He had sat down three hours ago .
0	Seeing all the dogs there gave her an idea .	Carey walked her dog in the dog park every day .
0	I decided to change it .	I hated my name .
0	Others were clearly better-made .	Some were cute with characters she liked .
1	His friend Brad offered him a cigarettes later that night .	Joe refused the cigarette .
1	Being a pizza delivery man , Harold knew everyone in town .	He never thought much about the people he worked for , until one day .
1	Last week Jenny took her driver 's test .	She was very nervous about the written test .
1	My friend offered to redo the work .	I kindly refused and searched for another person to do the job .
1	After a week Frank had over 10000 views .	Frank knew this was as famous as he would ever be .
0	He had never hunted before .	Gary decided to go hunting .
1	Lou was headed home .	He 'd had a long day at work .
0	She got a place with soundproof walls .	Finally Cindy moved .
1	Ben had an interview for a promising job .	He prepared throughout the week for the interview .
1	And it looked so beautiful that he decided to keep it .	He liked it so much , that he brought it to school .
1	All of the cool kids had them .	He begged his mom if she 'd buy him a pair .
0	I loved my trip to California and want to live there one day .	I met the man I call my husband at that beach .
0	He turned the cans in for cash .	He spent the next month collecting cans .
0	Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long .	She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off .
1	Mac started writing an editorial in the school paper .	It was called Ask Mac .
1	She went door to door gathering participants .	The kids lined up at the end of the street to start .
0	Everyone was amazed by his performance .	He decided to improvise the piece .
0	David ended up very strong after 1 year .	He did 50 sit ups everyday .
1	The teacher challenged the man to a one on one match of basketball .	He ended up winning by 12 points .
0	She laid in bed and rested the majority of the day .	After much thought , she decided to stay home .
0	Candy had finally burned a ham .	She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke .
1	The lady at the counter asked if I needed help but I declined .	I was embarrassed to I just picked a cream at random .
0	She now wore her half angel and half demon disguise to the party .	That 's why she spent days looking for the perfect costume .
1	As I was moving on the slide , the ride started to go faster .	In addition , the force of the water pushed me out of the slide .
1	Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll .	When she got home , Amy stuck the doll in the closet .
1	Unfortunately they started to rip .	Allie was disappointed .
1	Her parents assured her it would be okay .	Kelly then went to speak to someone about her issues .
1	He was enjoying a trip backpacking through Europe .	He loved all his stops , but Sophia was his favorite .
1	While looking for shells , something shiny caught her eye .	Betty found a bottle !
1	Amanda wanted to bake a apple pie .	However , she did not have apples for the pie .
1	He loved it alot so he tried sugar in it as well .	When John went to the dentist , he had cavities .
0	He 'd chosen not to join the fraternity .	Jim ran for his life away from the pledges .
0	While there , they had champagne .	They told their husbands bye and went to the spa .
0	He did n't like the cold , but he endured it .	Jack lived in Canada .
1	She freaked out since the text was a threat .	She reported the incident to her school .
1	I dream of going to Hawaii .	I would go to the fun lieus .
0	SO SHE WANTED TO USE ME FOR A EXAMPLE .	MY DAUGHTER HAD TO DO A SCIENCE PROJECT .
1	Unfortunately , he did not have cooking oil .	He decided to use lard .
1	She began to put the bedspread in the washer .	The water made it float , making it hard to get it in the machine .
1	There was a huge booger hanging out of his nose .	I thought it was adorable and said I would be his girlfriend .
1	Ginny and Todd were looking up at the clouds .	They were taking turns telling each other what things they would see .
0	Stella feared her plants would be drowned .	But for the whole month of April , it poured rain !
0	I think it would be mean .	I think his poetry is simplistic but did not tell him so .
0	We had a lot of fun , and did everything together .	I started seeing someone a while ago .
0	She was taking me out with her to play .	Grandma came to pick me up today .
1	Gina was asleep in her room at 8 AM .	Suddenly she heard a loud , crashing , sound .
1	When Billy was five he went to the beach for the first time .	A wave knocked him over and he nearly drowned .
0	Ann bought a set of ornaments for her tree .	She went to the store to buy decorations .
1	Mike always loved to go fishing .	One day , he went to the lake and set his gear up .
1	Mike kept a very messy car .	One day he could n't find his wallet anywhere .
0	Deflated , Steve left , sure he had no chance but later , Ted called .	In the meeting , his potential new employer , Ted , was brusque .
1	He was fed up , and started to yell at her .	She apologized and promised to keep things cleaner .
1	Stacy , Will 's wife , came home early from work and found Will sleeping .	Stacy cuddled up next to Will and fell asleep too .
1	Doug went to a football game in sub-zero weather .	When he saw a cute girl shivering , he loaned her his coat .
1	Curious , they brought it back to the university .	One of the professors started laughing .
1	Danielle had been feeling down .	She decided to write what was bothering her in a journal .
0	Tommy found a Goat on his way home from school .	His dad said no .
0	Paul and Jessica finally went their separate ways .	Jessica decided to file for a divorce .
1	Sam 's dad purchased tickets to a local college basketball game .	Sam was so grateful and never forgot the wonderful gift .
1	It had been several years since we broke up .	He tracked me down via all of my social media .
1	He quietly opened his door and stepped inside .	Billy reached around to find the light switch .
1	He borrowed money to set up his merchandise .	Gary had a hard time getting any sales in the Summer .
0	When Pete saw what happened , he got mad .	Unfortunately , he touched the file with Pete 's homework and deleted it
0	Jared now stands at six foot tall .	During one summer , Jared noticed he was growing .
0	I should have expected it when he tipped us over .	A boy that I like saw us and swam out to our boat .
1	Gina had been given an hour to work in the school library .	It was almost time to return to her classroom .
1	I searched for my keys for the mailbox .	I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door .
0	After a few days our bites went away .	Then we got a flea collar for the cat .
1	Their mother told them to go to his office and surprise him .	Mom tried calling him just to make sure he was there .
1	She hid under the bed for an hour after the vacuuming stopped .	She slowly came out and is fine now .
1	He asked his friend , jordan for help .	Jordan gave him some advice .
0	The other day my friend beat me at Mario Kart .	I tend to agree .
0	He got a nerdy tutor girl to help him .	Nate was failing a lot of classes .
0	His two friends said he really needed a girlfriend .	He was a harry black man and did n't think he was handsome .
0	Early in December Dakota lit candles for eight nights .	He especially loved the rituals associated with all the holidays .
1	She picked it up and took it home with her .	She says she wo n't keep it but probably will .
1	He found a gas station to fill it back up at .	He did n't have a gauge .
0	It also has lots of caffeine in it so it helps me get through my job .	I read in a magazine that black coffee is very healthy for you .
1	Justin broke his Mom 's window with a rock .	The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television .
0	Her husband was surprised he could learn a few things from his wife .	AAA was taking forever , so Lauren decided to change the tire herself .
0	When we got home , we found a sweet little stray living in our garage .	We were unable to decide on just one and drove home feeling sad .
0	Mitch 's friend was at another art gallery and they both laughed .	Mitch decided to call his friend and find out what happened .
0	Today after I put up our artificial Christmas Tree I heard a noise .	She never gets far and I think that makes her unhappy .
1	So I decided to go to the store to buy new ones .	The store was closed that day .
1	One day , a man named jed was feeling lonely .	He decided it would be a good time to take a walk .
0	I began to head back to my room for privacy .	About 2 hours in I realized I had to use the restroom .
1	The city recently banned plastic bags .	Today my wife went shopping .
1	Steve heard a funny joke on the radio .	He thought it was so funny that he wanted to tell it to his friends .
0	However , he still placed it on the floor .	When he was creating the icing , he threw it on the floor .
0	He quickly stopped making any noise .	Suddenly , he heard a sharp knock at the door .
1	As soon as she could afford it she booked her ticket to Madrid .	She stayed in Madrid for a few days before heading out to explore .
0	The morning of the test , she trembled with fear .	She was nervous about it .
1	Milly was shocked by how long the needles were .	The practitioner asked for a volunteer to have a needle inserted .
1	Gina arrived home after school .	Both her parents worked , so no one was home .
0	Sunny found some sunglasses and headed back to the beach .	Sunny got back into her car and heading towards the mall .
1	She was looking forward to a gift from her brother in Virginia .	Finally the big day had arrived .
0	She can kick and throw the ball .	Ella is a toddler who likes to play ball .
1	She was convinced that she would never eat animal meat again .	Lacy threw out all the meat in her home .
0	So he sped down a freeway at 2 AM .	And he wanted to see how fast it could go .
0	In order to do so , he needed to get good grades .	Mike wanted to earn a pizza party at school .
0	He ripped in in pieces and told me to get out .	After filling it in , I decided to give it back .
1	Jim stopped working out for 2 months .	He decided he would start again after Thanksgiving .
0	We tried many new things that we had never eaten before .	The menu was unusual and interesting .
0	Under the cap I found tickets .	Today I bought some yogurt .
0	However , the quarterback got hurt in the first quarter .	The whole school was ready to cheer them on .
1	He told his boss that he was n't feeling well .	His boss was ok with it and Ben got to stay home .
1	He ran across campus as quickly as he could .	When Bruce got to the classroom he was surprised to find it empty .
1	She used a bright pink color .	Yet when Kelly was painting them , she spilled .
0	Kay eventually gave up and bought a sweater instead .	Kay began to knit but it was n't going very well .
1	Sylvia was invited to go to church with her friend .	They were sitting in the primary class .
1	Today was her first day .	She liked the work a lot .
1	They dug a channel for a moat around their building .	Then they used buckets to fill the moat with water .
1	Kelly and her boyfriend went for a walk on the beach .	They jumped over the waves and had fun .
0	Samantha was able to finish all of her chores !	Samantha made a to-do list and started on her chores .
0	Now David knows why he should n't jump on the bed .	His mom came running , his arm was broken .
1	He was petrified of them .	One day he went to the zoo .
0	His truck slid off the road but Tim was ok .	He hit a patch of ice on the highway .
0	However , the bottom sole was dangling loose and the top had holes .	He broke it apart and looked at the shoe .
1	They grill up lots of meat .	This time they messed up and undercooked the meat .
0	She left the room and closed the door .	She told him the doctor would be in shortly .
0	Alvin was so angry that he broke his computer .	But the work he had been doing for hours was gone .
1	Eventually , my doctor said my calcium levels were almost normal .	Alas , now I had gained too much weight from the milk .
1	After settling in , the Jackson family went to see a movie .	Their two daughters , Emily and Anne-Marie , chose Because of Winn-Dixie
1	She was wearing a lot of bracelets .	They were making a lot of noise as she took the test .
0	Finally , he started using twitter .	Then , he confirmed his email address .
1	Riley had always heard that Argentina had delicious food and wine .	He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself .
0	They opened up a Flip Flop shops to make some money .	It was their favorite vacation destination growing up .
0	Her teacher found out and gave her detention the next day .	She thought that she would n't get caught .
0	He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer .	Then , he noticed water was coming from his ceiling , as well !
1	Jill was walking down the beach .	She was feeling very hot walking under the sun .
0	This time he decided he wanted to go with me .	My husband had never accompanied me before .
1	The Huertas will never think of Christmas the same again .	They do n't return to the beach house ever again .
0	Kevin took a plane to go see her .	One day she wrote that she was in danger .
1	Kelly was upset that she was n't invited to one of the shows .	She decided to give her friend an ultimatum .
1	But his parents forced him to go to school .	During class , he frequently got up to blow his nose .
0	She bypassed breakfast , and grabbed a huge chunk of cake .	She left her room to see her family eating breakfast .
1	I got so busy with work that the plan was neglected .	A year later I forgot about the plan entirely .
0	But she remembered what her parents told her about being nice .	She thought he was dressed a bit odd .
1	But his parents were n't home .	Ron decided driving would be easy enough .
1	Betsy was really good with money .	She went to college and wanted to do something in math .
0	Before he noticed he was soaked and soapy .	He went into the automatic machine .
0	When he asked her for a second date , Lori declined .	They did not get along very well .
1	We heard a loud noise , but did n't think too much about it .	Later in the evening we went outside to find the car window smashed .
0	Sometimes I could n't help it , I just could n't go in .	Some days I worried whether I was going to lose my job .
1	All the kids had a great time .	At the end of the day , they all told her how much they liked her !
1	Little John wanted a garden in his backyard .	He helped his father hoe and fertilize the dirt .
1	Rick was very scared but he ended up really enjoying it .	Now he can ride any roller coaster without being nervous at all .
0	Bill gave in and visited a bankruptcy attorney .	Bill 's brother visited , and told Bill he 'd better deal with problems .
1	Everyone at work bought tickets .	When the drawing was held , all the tickets were compared .
1	She wanted to know why Kim was telling lies about her and Ben .	Kim insisted she only spoke facts .
1	Amy had a severe ear infection .	Her balance was compromised by the fluid in her ear .
0	Sophie could n't wait for the rest of her class .	The teacher talked about colors , brushes , and different canvases .
1	He was amazed by the rocketships .	Him and his family listened to a lecture about astronomy .
0	She dumped her little friends and made new regular sized friends .	She was used to this from regular people , but not little people !
0	Even though this bull had thrown off everyone , Bill was the best .	This guys stayed on the wildest bull for over eight seconds .
0	She threw and hit me with every single one .	Today she made six snowballs .
1	Kelly really wanted the new Chanel bag .	She begged her parents for it as a gift .
1	There , she went to see the Eiffel Tower .	She gazed up at its impressive height .
0	A company hired him three months ago to sell online marketing plans .	For Years Charles wanted a job selling technology .
0	At a red light she tried to push the piece back into place .	Amy was driving and could n't move the piece until she stopped .
1	It turned out he had more than enough for the game in coins .	He deposited the coins in the bank and bought the game .
1	He decided to join the UFC competitions	After his preliminary fight , he instantly got accepted
0	She will go anywhere to find a book .	Sara loves books .
0	Lana went up with them and watched them all jump .	All of her friends wanted to jump off a cliff .
0	He entered into a race with 500 entrants .	Day and night for years .
1	Kyle worked at his store for a while and was waiting for a promotion .	He was happily working until he was introduced to a new hire .
1	As the wedding started , a storm came out of nowhere .	Thunder , lightning , and rain forced everyone into their cars .
1	Benzi attends school in New York City .	Every weekend he eats at different types of restaurants .
0	Hoping to get away from the cold , they marveled at warm temperatures .	A New England family went out to Florida for vacation .
0	The car maintenance light turned on .	Nancy was driving to her job .
0	His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real .	Mark was convinced there was a ghost in his house .
0	He forgot the material he was supposed for .	Ian was studying for an exam .
1	Amy wanted to stop by Ben 's house .	Lynn reminded Amy they had purchased ice cream .
0	She ended up dying .	She was too weak to fight back .
0	When he woke , there was a swirling blizzard outside - and no school !	He prayed for snow , then shut his eyes and drifted off .
0	She was at a shop trying to find a wetsuit .	Kelsey was about to go surfing .
0	She decided to stock up .	Her favorite bars were on sale for 20 % off .
1	Tom and his friend spent a lot of time together .	This included buying lotto tickets often .
0	A search team was dispatched to the GPS coordinates on her phone .	Her boyfriend called the police after not hearing from her .
0	Her retriever tugged on the leash as Lisa followed .	She held her dog 's leash in her hand .
0	After a couple minutes , the chair was burning and he was warm !	He broke up an old chair to use for wood .
0	Yesterday , there were three shows on cooking .	They can show almost anything on it .
0	But she had n't been the one to start it .	Gina considered apologizing to end the feud .
0	Melissa and her mom were then the owners of 8 cats .	A week later , the cat gave birth to kittens .
1	The player who missed had lost the match .	He was so upset that he threw his racket at the other player .
1	So , I decided to upgrade my RAM .	Alas , my computer did n't allow RAM upgrades .
0	He did his first internship in an accounting firm .	Jim decided to major in accounting in college .
0	As we were driving to school , one walked out in front of us .	There are a lot of deer in the town where I live .
0	Billy ran up to the hoop .	Billy was open and his teammate passed the ball to him .
1	He thought the job paid more than what it did .	Austin is upset because now he has new car payments .
0	He hated his name because it was of a Democrat president .	Roosevelt was a staunch conservative .
0	One man was impatient .	They took their time crossing the street .
0	This is the second of three mysteries .	She uses the name Robert Galbraith .
1	He came across a post he disagreed with , so he posted a response .	His response started an argument that lasted for two hours .
0	She used the broom handle to tap on various surfaces .	She got a broom and nervously approached the kitchen .
1	The plate he was washing slipped out of his hands .	It shattered as it hit the metal sink basin just right .
0	They work very hard together until finally the cabin is complete .	They buy materials and start to work .
0	They were doing painting instead of sketching !	But when she got there she was disappointed .
0	Although it was a surprise , Gary was speechless .	She also started to speak with vulgar language .
1	Moe decided to run for president .	He promised everything he could think of to gain votes .
1	Shortly after I received my voter registration card .	I presented it when I cast my ballot on election day .
1	She purchased a bagel with egg and avocado .	She ate the sandwich .
0	By the time we finally found the sale the lamp was already sold .	He refused to stop and ask for directions .
0	They were excited to get it home .	They spent all day picking a perfect flat screen at the store .
0	She was very nervous .	Today was the day Hannah began her new job .
1	He knew he needed something to pick him up .	He pulled into the nearest drive thru .
1	When one was about to sleep , the other 's noises would keep them up .	Lacy decided she needed some quiet time .
1	Tina was afraid of him .	She had no choice but to agree .
1	He decides to ride the biggest roller coaster at the park .	He is terrified at first , but loves the adrenaline rush .
1	He checked the brands , to see to whom the new sheep belonged .	They had no brands , though .
0	The puck ended up touching the goal .	The goalie ended up falling when the puck was moving .
1	Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014 .	We walked across the street to the playground .
1	His teammate dribbled towards their basket .	Josiah took a pass from the teammate and made a basket as time expired
0	Her back hurt so she had trouble getting out of bed .	Barbara was a photographer who took pictures of sunrises .
1	Luke came running down the stairs as fast as he could .	Matt was right behind him .
1	She always wanted to be a nurse .	At the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college .
0	They ended up purchasing numerous fashion jewelry pieces .	The family decided to take a peek at the store and load up .
0	All the traditional Thanksgiving sides were accompanied by hamburgers .	The stores were all closed so she had to improvise .
0	He studied and meditated for twenty years .	Joshi decided to study buddhism every day and meditate .
1	She was a fraud that just poured water in a special mold .	No one at the party suspected her treachery when she arrived .
1	Sharon had some money saved to take a vacation .	She spun her globe to pick where to go .
1	As he was about to eat the top scoop of ice cream fell .	Jake was sad about his loss and ate the rest of his cone .
0	Since the place needed meat , she also fried and eggs .	She mixed it up in an attempt to make lunch .
1	Sandra was exhausted from working all day .	She looked around the house at the clutter .
1	Our business was doing great !	Soon , we became the best lawn care business in town .
0	She is very happy that she voted this year .	On election day Linda votes for the candidate she likes best .
0	When she took it out it was hot .	Liza had her pizza in the oven .
0	They decided to arm wrestle .	They wanted to see who was the strongest .
1	Three days latter Tim 's tooth fell out and he put it under his pillow .	The next morning when he woke his tooth was replaced with a dollar .
0	Halfway through the sweater , I realized I was out of yarn .	I had made sure before I started that I had enough yarn .
1	To get her in trouble , she told lies about her to her mom .	This made her teacher very mad and she gave Brittany detention for it .
0	After apprehending the suspect , he questioned him intensely .	He followed his suspect very carefully and apprehended him .
0	Billy did n't have that much money .	Jim charged him twenty dollars .
0	Ed felt so good about his positive eco-impact !	Every day he rode his bicycle to work and back .
1	However , Jimmy continued to make a shot .	The referee told him that his shot did n't count .
0	My room was sparkling clean .	I vacuumed the floors .
1	All of a sudden , security told her to stop taking pictures .	Sue was told that flash photography was not allowed .
1	He bought a lottery ticket with the money .	He scratched off his ticket and saw the numbers .
1	She is surprised with how much better she starts to feel .	Norma is glad that she has improved her eating habits .
0	This year there were more than normal .	The deer in the field show up every year .
1	Last night , my son interrupted me while telling him his bedtime story .	He asked me if I could snuggle with him until he fell asleep .
0	So he decided to write his own story .	But Carl did n't see any books that he liked .
1	My son in law facetimed my wife today .	It was her birthday .
0	Two months later , Jim had the prettiest yard on the block .	He watered the seeds every day and they began to sprout .
1	She thought it might be a personal letter , but read it anyway .	The letter was an insurance paper .
1	Leah rowed her boat every day .	She decided to enter a race to show off her rowing skill .
0	She has a special system she uses to pick her numbers .	Courtney loves to play the lottery .
1	She crams for the test all night .	Unfortunately , she falls asleep in the morning and misses the test .
1	Jim did not feel threatened by the gambler and stayed in .	Once they flipped over their cards , the gambler was declared the loser .
1	Somehow I moved to fast and twisted my ankle and fell .	I still ca n't skate to this day .
0	The cat saw them and ran instead .	They tried to run when the cat came by .
0	Her teacher saw the picture that she drew when he walked by her desk .	She drew a funny picture of her teacher .
1	Dan threw mashed potatoes at his friend Alex in the cafeteria .	Alex thew food back .
0	She studied hard and worked with friends .	She got a C- on her first test .
1	She had some friends do it before and said it was fun .	She created an account and got to work .
0	Steve started having doubts about his religion .	Steve went to church every sunday .
1	A friend recommends he try adopting a son instead .	He adopts a son and becomes a great father .
1	I checked the screen and it could n't turn on .	I immediately got furious and called customer support .
0	We got to the register and could n't pay .	We filled an entire cart with the food we needed for the week .
1	Johnny loved his Mom and Dad dearly .	He often did his chores and other shores without being told .
1	The pair donned masks and took guns to commit the crime .	While trying to get away , Ned was shot and killed .
0	He quickly found out that being a cop is n't what he expected .	He worked hard and is excited to start his new job as a cop .
1	Jonah was craving something sweet .	He decided to make himself a cherry pie .
1	She wanted a tan .	The sun did n't shine where she lived .
1	I had n't seen him in a long time and we decided to have dinner .	I went over and lucked out , he was making ribs !
0	Every few days , a man calls the station , speaks quickly , and hangs up .	I work at a radio station .
1	She walked by all the dogs .	She found a puppy that she liked .
1	Sue and William were worried about their 7-year-old son , Kyle .	Kyle had been acting strange for a couple days , unlike his usual self .
1	Two weeks later , he got called to come for an interview .	During the interview , he was nervous and unsure .
1	Then it became apparent that her boyfriend was manipulative .	He tried to control what she did , wore , and who she saw .
0	My son was yelling something at me .	I crashed into a tree halfway down .
0	But the next morning , his eyes widened in shock .	He had seen that there were no presents under the tree .
1	He would jump out of his bedroom window .	Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment .
1	Lucy and Gina were at the pool .	Lucy was n't a very strong swimmer .
0	Ness had a great trip but saw nothing supernatural !	But after a whole day of watching , she saw no monster .
1	During the summer he worked on his speed and also had a growth spurt .	He tried out again the next season and made the team .
1	He had recently been diagnosed with diabetes .	Yet he continued to eat and drink foods high in sugar .
1	Sandy felt that the poem looked familiar .	Upon research , Sandy discovered it was a poem she wrote .
1	He asked if he can borrow Henry 's phone .	However , Henry turned off his phone .
0	Finally they played rock , paper , scissors .	She wanted a light color and he wanted darker .
0	John was amazed at how fast things could change .	By morning everything was blanketed in snow .
0	At home he put them all away in his closet .	He went to the department store and bought all he could afford .
0	Now he can ride any roller coaster without being nervous at all .	Rick was very scared but he ended up really enjoying it .
0	He longed for excitement and adventure , and daydreamed of both daily .	Jacque had led a rather bland life as an office clerk .
0	His creativity was running out !	He had written over 200 short stories .
0	The store owner gave Daniel a bag of chips .	Daniel left his money in his room .
1	Charles chased them in his car .	His girlfriend called the police and Charles was arresting .
1	She decided to skip putting gas .	She did n't have enough time to stop .
1	The jewel thief ran with the cops close on his trail .	Ducking into a store , he put the leather bag in a plastic one .
1	When Hank 's blood sugar does this , he becomes very irritable .	Therefore , it is important for him to be consistent with his care .
0	In the morning , there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust .	She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed .
1	It also has other functions .	When I cleared my cookies it wiped out its database .
1	I bought an LP the other day .	I do not have a record player .
1	The waitress served my food to me .	However , an angry man approached us .
0	She walked into class and sat across the room .	Amy decided she no longer wanted to be their friend .
0	Jason played the game , but he ended up losing .	Cassie was the town 's prettiest girl .
1	I found out that I like long drives with music playing .	It 's very peaceful and I 'm going to do it more .
0	Joe and Steve took off in Steve 's tiny practice prop plane .	Steve invited Joe to accompany him during a practice flight .
1	They needed furniture for their new home .	They both searched online and found a couch from IKEA that they liked .
0	Han was scared because tomorrow was moving day .	One day , her cat went out to play and never returned .
1	The school principal calls to complain about what Jen is wearing .	When Jen 's get home her mother she grounds her for a month .
1	Beth and May had to break up a fight between them .	Beth tried to find out why the girls were fighting .
1	When the contest arrived , my frog just sat there .	Johns frog jumped so far that he beat everyone and won .
0	He hated it , and saw it as useless .	Johnny took keyboard lessons as a child .
1	The same day his wife Lucy bought a new chair for the living room .	The couch and chair did n't match each other .
1	She was nervous and worried about how she would sound .	When she walked up on stage , she got to her seat .
1	The Samson 's adopted a puppy .	They have been wanting one for a while now .
1	A man was in the market for a new car .	He drove to many dealerships .
1	Johnny owned a home and wanted to take in his mother .	But she insisted on living in a shelter .
0	She knew that could be her big break .	She entered her paintings into contests and hoped to win .
1	Jerry is n't the kind of guy to let a small illness keep him down .	Tonight he plans to attend a concert with his girlfriend .
1	So when a new girl at school challenged him to a race he just laughed .	He knew he could beat her easily so he agreed .
1	Tina wanted to go on a date with brian .	He finally asked her out .
0	He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it .	It took him two years , but he finished it .
0	She blended up frozen bananas and other fruits with ice and yogurt .	Then she thought of a calorie-sensible alternative .
1	The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake .	He used one side and I got the other .
0	Now he has a tv but ca n't watch anything on it .	Ricardo realized he had spent all his money on the tv .
0	I wanted to try to do it to , but had no experience .	A few years ago , everyone around me was learning to skateboard .
0	And he rushed to school .	He had no time to fix it .
1	Rene was thrilled to be going wedding dress shopping today .	Rene and her bridesmaids went over to Vera Wang to start shopping .
1	Tim asked Ron for money that he could borrow .	Tim said he would use the money for lunch .
0	The dog was going nuts !	Suddenly , we saw a snake on our front porch .
0	At school the next day , Joyce asked Jill why she did n't wave back .	Joyce waved to her but received no response .
0	Shelby notices this , and now they meditate during breaks together .	The next day Brooke does not get mad at all during work .
1	They wore costumes and choreographed a routine .	Henry 's band won first place .
1	So , I decided to take music lessons .	My teacher was very skilled and very nice .
0	But her mom worried that those were n't job skills .	Allie loved babysitting and playing with children .
1	Luckily her boyfriend helped her calm down .	She checked the cut and it was n't very bad .
0	She loved it and wore it so confidently .	It was called Hot Havana Red .
0	She thought about it for a moment .	But her mom asked her what her favorite gift was .
1	Thad always loved going places with his dad , especially the river .	They would go fishing and sometimes swimming .
0	One day , the jug could hold no more pennies .	She planned to cash in the pennies when the jug was full .
0	Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins .	Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah .
1	She uses the name Robert Galbraith .	This is the second of three mysteries .
0	Rita can now serve without faults .	She hired a coach to help her .
1	The troupe was returning !	Their boots kicked up massive clouds of dust .
1	My daughter slept through the night in her own bed .	First I had to read a bunch of stories to her .
1	Since he was broke for the week , she offered to pay for the food .	However , she struggled paying bills a few days later .
1	He invited his friend Alissa .	Alissa hated disney .
1	Jill gathers some food and blankets and goes to the basement .	Jill turns on the radio and listens to the weather .
0	Be the time he got back to the station there were 3 calls about fires .	He walked through town and handed out matches to all the kids he saw .
1	He dug in his desk and found a green and a blue pen .	Sandra took the blue pen and signed the document again .
1	Jim was invited to dinner by a pretty girl .	But he was very nervous .
1	Suddenly , we saw a snake on our front porch .	The dog was going nuts !
1	So , he took me out for a celebratory drink .	We had a good chat .
1	Nobody at work knew exactly where he was from .	He seemed nice but could not speak English very well .
0	Then a nice guy asked her to the dance , and she accepted !	For weeks she practiced looking feminine and acting sweet .
0	Martha drove over to the Verizon store and browsed the iphones .	Martha was very excited to get her very first cell phone today .
0	It was the best present she could ever have asked for .	When it came , it was even better than she expected .
1	She left her room to see her family eating breakfast .	She bypassed breakfast , and grabbed a huge chunk of cake .
1	He decided to do the bench press instead .	After a few months , his chest because huge and muscular .
1	She started writing music as part of a band .	Now a club 's paying them to play tonight .
0	She did all her homework in one day .	Jill got a lot of homework from school for the holiday weekend .
0	They began to frequently go on dates and fell in love over time .	Steve and Cheryl found they had many things in common .
0	She came upstairs and opened the door for him .	Tim banged the gong a few more times for fun .
1	I was very busy and almost forgot about it completely .	I did not have enough time to write a good paper .
1	My son 's baseball team was playing for the town championship .	It was a tie game in the bottom of the last inning .
0	Dani immediately deleted it and cleaned the virus from her phone .	It turned out that was a virus .
0	They heard good things about it and decided to give it a try .	A group of friends went to a restaurant .
1	Jan drove to the hospital .	And doctors were able to stop the bleeding .
1	He got ready and went to the grocery store .	There he bought many delicious cheeses .
0	Chase will be able to go to college one day .	Within months , his investment grew .
1	They soon realized they were getting broken into .	They called the police and hid in the bathroom .
1	He told all of his friends about the new items .	His word of mouth helped increased the restaurant 's profit .
0	He is very happy to have a scarf for the cold weather .	Conrad has never worn one before , but he finds that he loves it .
0	Some of the other passengers thought she should not sit there .	She was exhausted and sat in the only seat available to her .
0	In the morning , her burn was no longer painful .	She slept that night covered in the salve .
1	She attracts male cats at every apartment we live in .	One male cat comes to our window everyday .
0	She talks down to the mailbox to check .	Lucretia realizes that she needs to see if there is any new mail .
1	They challenged each other to a type off .	Phyllis 's Shift key got stuck , and she lost by a landslide .
1	Nicole was spinning around in a circle with her classmates .	As they finished the song , they all fell down .
1	The bus stop was fifty feet away from them .	The bus passed right by the stop as no passengers were seen waiting .
0	The stranger just ignored her and walked away .	She ran out into the hallway in her pajamas shouting .
1	Marco loves riding in the car with his family .	He likes hearing his mother and father talk in the front seat .
0	He waited for the shop to take off , but people never showed up .	When Paul opened his shop , he worked hard on promoting it .
1	We put some on her favorite cat toy .	We left it where she could find it .
1	To grandma 's house they went .	But with a pop and skid , the wagon went off the road .
1	The radio show host asked his audience for requests for the next song .	No one called in so he began to fabricate requests .
1	After thinking about different books , I decided on store and left .	The drive there was simple and quick .
1	One day , his parents forgot to pay the monthly cable bill .	There was no television in the house .
1	Pete 's pals talked about bringing dogs and cats and rabbits .	Pete felt left out because he only had pet fish .
1	Jacob was texting on his phone while walking on the sidewalk .	Jacob tripped over a tiny rock on the concrete .
1	They lived in a valley and flooding was common .	The rainy had been coming down for three straight days .
1	The doctors told his parents it was unhealthy .	His parents understood and decided to make a change .
0	Bob wanted to sale for his own company .	Bob worked in sales .
0	The wedding day came and she would n't answer her phone .	Finally he met a girl who would go to the wedding with him .
0	The owner was teaching her how to make a pizza .	Sarah had a new job at a diner .
0	On their date , she confessed that she 'd always loved shy , quiet boys .	One day his friend Sophia asked him for one !
0	He has never turned me away when I needed help .	Loni is a great man who is always there for me .
0	He stood there for several minutes .	Jim stared at girls in the locker room , with his binocular glasses .
1	The thought of doing bungee jumping scared me .	However , I was willing to take the risk and try it .
0	He told them it was a pop quiz .	The teacher handed out a sheet of paper to everyone .
0	She opted not to find the sex out in advance .	She hoped for a little boy .
0	But then his manager told him some good news .	He wondered if he were getting fired .
0	They gathered some dry wood together .	Jamie and his son were camping .
1	One day Sally fell off the bike and broke her wrist .	Mary helped Sally recover but Sally never rode her bike again .
0	But one day Marly took it off briefly , and lost track of it after .	He had saved for months to buy it , and both of them were proud of it .
1	Marty must choose between two schools .	His first choice is Harvard .
1	Jane was experiencing her first pregnancy .	She was only one month from due date and still growing .
1	That Friday , she worked as hard as she could .	At the end of her shift , her manager praised her work .
0	She hiked , fished , and even hunted whenever she got the chance .	Liz was a lover of the outdoors .
1	His old one barely worked .	He saved up money for a few weeks .
1	He researched procedures for deployments .	The rules for deployment required a minimum time in position .
1	Eloise dropped down to her knees .	She looked up at her dad with tearful eyes .
0	The titans defeated all the crapes .	The crepes were severely losing .
1	But her mother was afraid of dogs .	Her mother saw the dog in the kitchen and screamed .
0	He noticed he had run out of dog food .	Mike 's dog was hungry .
1	One day , he found the perfect ring , but it was very expensive .	John worked extra hard and after a few months , he was able to buy it .
0	He was currently in the car .	He started feeling strange .
0	He was always too scared to confess .	Michael has liked alicia for years .
1	He dreams of becoming an entrepreneur .	Mike quits his job .
1	Since I did n't have them out , they made me go back through .	I then had to have my hands tested for dangerous materials .
0	She goes and visits some friends .	Cam is back from Arizona to visit her friends and family .
1	Yesterday , I needed to buy a belt so I went to the mall .	After choosing which store to shop from , I quickly got out of my car .
0	A customer came in , demanding free food .	Jay has been working at the restaurant .
1	When I opened my door , my dog ran outside and got away .	I could n't catch the dog , and she did n't return home after waiting .
0	The bully would be at the museum as well .	All Ali could think about was the bully who gave her a mean scowl .
1	Michael did n't want school to start .	Luckily there was a hurricane passing nearby .
0	The rules for deployment required a minimum time in position .	He researched procedures for deployments .
1	It was a little scary because of how cold it was .	I was afraid it would last long .
1	My Japanese coworkers suggested I try sushi .	I told them I was too scared of raw fish .
1	Lewis noticed that it was a shiny silver dollar .	Lewis decided to keep the lucky silver dollar .
0	Her husband hired nanny to help his wife during the day .	Kim was stressed out on a daily basis .
1	Carl 's sprinkler was broken .	It chaotically sprayed water everywhere .
1	The groomer shaved off all of her fur .	She finally does n't have any knots !
1	Boris had never ironed his clothing .	His mother would do it for him .
0	His boss admired his guts .	Nate told his boss he would n't shave .
0	Mike was thoroughly beaten , and he learned to be more humble .	Mike was sure he could win , so he cockily accepted the challenge .
1	Webster wanted to find himself a part-time job .	His primary job as a web developer did not pay very well .
0	Sally made a pretty pink necklace out of beads for her Mom 's birthday .	She got her beads and string out and went to work .
0	As they were leaving , I bid them farewell in German , and they smiled .	They thanked me and headed out the door .
0	She stared down the poor Pizza Hut employee .	Hanna 's sphincter clenched as tight as a snare drum .
1	Her family wanted to move her into a retirement home .	Hattie moved into the new place but was very upset about it .
1	Then he decided to make Lost Dog fliers .	While he hung fliers up , a lady saw one and told him she had Snowy !
0	Jimmy tried to remove the virus but it destroyed his computer .	Then one night a popup arrived and notified him of a virus .
0	I gave them the rest of my change and walked off feeling good .	A woman was looking for change in her purse to get her son a snack .
0	Tim 's brother offered to share his .	He did n't have any more money to get another .
1	He remembers very little from before being blind .	He often needs things described to him .
1	Bill checked the news and saw a tornado warning on all channels .	He took his family into their basement with supplies .
1	One of the guests got into an argument with Joe 's friend .	The fight provided drama for the party .
0	On their anniversary night , they passed away .	They practiced once a week for years .
1	Charles read the post on the bulletin board .	It said a Macbook Pro was for sale , only three hundred dollars .
1	Bob was shopping at the mall .	He went to go pay for a watch .
0	He wanted to be a wide receiver but was n't fast enough either .	Jeff wanted to play football his senior year but was too skinny .
1	Jack had the ball in his hands .	As soon as he was about to shoot , the ref blew his whistle .
1	He went around smelling and touching all of the plants .	Soon after Mark became really itchy and red .
0	Diana went to the bathroom to freshen up .	The teacher paused for a moment , but he eventually continued .
0	With shipping I made $ 2 and eighty five cents for my sister in law .	I received one bid .
1	It was called Tet , and Neil loved it .	He especially enjoyed the food and gifts !
0	Lucy already had a black eye .	But it was too late .
1	Everyone else agreed that was against the rules .	We all punched him in the arm as a punishment .
1	This one time we were on a trip to see New Schwanstein .	But before we got there my brother started to burp twice .
0	She could see the traffic was barely moving .	Gina was getting on the highway .
0	However , Stanley picked someone who was stubborn .	Diana picked two people and they immediately walked towards her .
1	The car he wanted to cut in front of blocked the space !	And the one in front of that one moved to do so as well .
0	In the notebook was a lot of notes from the old owner .	He opened it at home to jot down a note .
1	Tim went to an introductory karate class .	Tim enjoyed his class .
0	So , the carson 's turned the car around and went home .	Everyone was frustrated and wanted to go home .
1	My kids love to visit Myrtle Beach .	We go to the water slide parks .
1	Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store .	She let me get a hamster .
0	They gathered all the cardboard boxes they could .	The children wanted to make a fort .
0	He passed the exam and was very happy .	He went to school the next day confident he would pass .
0	He did not know her but only saw her at school .	The boy liked to daydream about her .
0	He is so tired that he sleeps all the way through the flight .	But by the time he gets on the plane he is exhausted .
0	But Adam did n't see what could go wrong .	The package advised not to thaw it outside the fridge .
0	Barbara tells him she does n't love him anymore .	Joshua sees his phone number and address in the advertisement .
0	Riley wore her cowboy boots to school the next day .	The brown and teal cowboy boots were the most comfortable shoes .
1	His friends got started on their assignments , but Felix did not .	He thought he had lots of time , and did n't start until the day before .
0	She had eight hours with Ziggy , and became so attached .	Her first pet was a toy dog named Ziggy , who fit in her purse .
1	Sam worked very hard .	With the money , Sam was finally able to buy a dog .
0	She checks the cabinets but she does not have any food .	She decides she would like to eat .
1	They told their husbands bye and went to the spa .	While there , they had champagne .
0	He called a plumber .	Bob 's shower ceiling was leaking .
1	It took him two years , but he finished it .	He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it .
1	Liza had her pizza in the oven .	When she took it out it was hot .
1	Sue was supposed to bring a dish to a potluck supper .	She made a cheap dish with macaroni to avoid spending extra .
0	A big branch fell to the ground just as a young woman was passing .	Tim was trimming palm trees along the street .
0	Soon , we became the best lawn care business in town .	Our business was doing great !
0	Sam got an A because the teacher knew he made it himself .	Next to the other expert-looking models , it looked sloppy and simple .
0	So did everyone in their family .	Tyrone hated to do the dishes .
0	My mom and I never really talked about it after that .	The next morning I realized he still was n't back .
0	Steve , dejected , resolved to be more careful in the future .	They were raising his premium as a result of all the tickets !
1	Billy tried to imagine what was inside the box .	When Jeff got home he did not bother to open the box .
1	A flash of light and a loud sound whisked Al away to his birth year .	Al prayed his plan would work this time .
1	She could n't afford to buy a pair .	Then she went to the goodwill and found some for $ 5 .
1	Annie sat at her desk ready to work on her novel .	She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration .
0	She did n't want to wear glasses though .	Christine 's eyesight was starting to become poor .
1	Christine was deciding between a real or artificial Christmas tree .	Christine conducted research to see which type of tree would fit her .
0	Even though he did n't like it , he ate it for the girl .	Paul was into this girl , and she made him a tray of sushi .
1	My sister in law was excited this week .	She found two complete sets of Time Life books in her attic .
0	He was really talented and had a bright future in it .	Eric always loved playing the piano .
0	They took me to the music store and bought me a guitar .	When I was 12 I asked my parents for guitar lessons .
0	The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours .	He waited in his seat for hours .
1	She felt left out as the popular girls exchanged autographs .	To her surprise , a girl in class asked to sign Andrea 's yearbook .
0	He did not know why .	Jim 's bank account was low .
1	One day , he decided he had had enough .	He packed his bags , loaded up his truck , and started driving west .
1	We froze the bananas .	My wife found a recipe for banana bread on the internet .
1	I decided to make some .	Alas , they tasted terrible .
0	I had a package in the mail at the post office .	I woke up one morning and got dressed .
0	Tand was so excited !	Tad 's parents told him they were bringing him home a puppy !
0	He was not big enough to get a sports scholarship .	Susan was worried about how she would pay for her son 's tuition .
1	We had forgotten our money .	We had to apply for the store credit card .
0	The metal cut his thumb deep .	He ran his hand on a piece of metal .
0	He put two lamps in his kitchen .	He sold two lamps at his store .
0	I walked to the local park .	I was in the mood for a walk .
0	When it was done it was great .	She decided to get a straightening treatment .
1	She decided to drive to the Apple Store .	Luckily she picked up a gold one .
0	Her grandfather has a chess board and knows how to play .	Joy does n't know how to play chess but has always wanted to learn .
0	She did n't know how to get back to their house .	Lucy was at her grandparents when she got lost .
0	By the end of the day , he was glad he had gone !	After a little while , he started to take part in the class .
1	His girlfriend called him a wimp for screaming .	Bob was insulted and kicked his girlfriend out of his house .
0	She told me the worst part was the chemical smell .	It took about three hours she said .
1	She did very well and won first prize !	She was hoping to be awarded a large trophy .
0	He felt great about being able to help so many people .	He began volunteering himself .
1	He had a big exam in biology coming up .	He had been studying for weeks .
1	On the bright side , many people communicated with each other .	They also participated in several activities such as cooking .
0	And Gina crept upstairs to her room to read alone .	Sherry put the kids outside to play .
0	They have to spend all night dealing with a flooded basement .	When they go to investigate they find that the basement is flooded .
0	She started down the hiking trail .	She put supplies in her backpack .
0	Ivy had no choice but to walk all the way there .	Then she remembered that her car was out of gas !
1	The fleet manager of the company said he was looking to buy 5 trucks .	All the trucks had to be green with certain equipment .
0	He signed up for driving school .	Kim wanted a license .
1	Last night was my violin concert .	I was nervous to get onstage .
0	Her baby was coming way too early .	One night a very young woman came in with contraptions .
1	Tim thought he saw a ghost the first night in his new apartment .	It was the middle of the night and he was watching tv .
1	I tried to give up soda .	I bought a lot of fruit to make smoothies with .
0	There as a project that had to be completed .	She had to get back to work as quickly as possible .
1	George looked around , and took a bite of the tasty dessert .	The cookies were delicious and he ate every single one of them .
1	Kim could n't find her car in the garage .	She was sure she was on the right floor .
1	He heads to a thrift store and finds some classic cards .	He purchases them and restores them .
1	I spent most of my time working to make some extra cash .	However , on one weekend night , I ran into this gorgeous girl .
1	Tom was sent to prison without warning .	He was very confused about what happened .
0	He would set up elaborate scenes and have his family act things out .	Little Timmy loved making home movies .
0	Many customers loved the salmon salad but not the pasta dish .	The chef told all the waiters about what the specials were .
1	Lucy 's grandma was showing her pictures from her childhood .	Lucy was having a good time laughing at herself .
1	Then she found a great deal on a discount site .	Lea not only bought a ticket , she upgraded to first class too !
0	After taking the medicine I feel much better .	Afterwards , I was told I had a cold .
1	She was delighted to see so many offerings for salad toppers .	Amy gladly loaded up her salad .
1	A man bought himself a rooster .	He thought of it like an alarm clock with no snooze button .
1	Jesse sings of a place over the rainbow to her empty room .	She finishes with a lonely sigh , pining for her recently dead mom .
1	She looked outside wondering what the sound was .	It had started storming and she heard loud thunder .
0	He was very committed to doing a good job for his work	He stayed very light one night , and went in early the next day
1	Now Misty and Billy date .	They are even going to have a child soon !
0	He brought his family secret to America .	Lary was taught by his father how to make delicious lasagna .
1	He had a girlfriend but always wanted to hang out with her .	Cindy started to have feelings for him .
1	Rob 's mother told him he was free to take a jar of old quarters .	Rob found three quarters from the early 1900 's .
1	Jenn came home from work for her lunch hour .	When she got to the front door something smelled really good .
0	He tacked it to every telephone pole around his house .	He made a flyer asking for a strong helper .
1	Johnny set out to make a nice dinner .	He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables .
0	Chip then had to punch Skip on the lip .	Skip had to flip at seeing the double dip .
0	She had been saving the best for last !	Then she announced first place , and she named him .
1	They wake me up each day to let me know they want to eat breakfast .	If I do n't get out of bed quickly , they stand on my body and meow .
1	He was so ecstatic that he forgot what day they were going .	He worried for a week trying to remember .
1	She had 6 months free financing on her credit card .	After 6 months , Samantha forgot to pay her credit card debt .
0	Instead , Ellie went to the beach and surfed for hours .	Ellie 's mom wanted her to study harder , and graduate from high school .
0	It was like it happened over night .	In sixth grade I hit puberty .
1	She excitedly took the tour .	Mabel knew she wanted to go again soon .
1	He looked at the kitten and tried to evaluate it .	Then , he settled on the name `` furry '' .
1	It was a week until pay day and I was out of money .	I dug through my car for money and found a dollar and half a soda .
0	It was then I discovered I had left my cell phone at home .	I reached for my cell phone to call triple A .
1	He wanted to meet a new girl .	He got a match and started talking to her .
1	I wanted to wear the shirt to school the next day .	I threw the shirt in the washer with other clothes and some bleach .
0	When her grandma was n't looking , her dad moved it to his plate .	She did n't want to be rude , but she did n't want to eat it either .
1	This one seemed to be funny , as well as slightly drunk .	The clown elbowed Maurice as he went by .
0	Nancy , from a spice company , looked over the cakes .	He called his cake the Mean Green Worm Machine .
0	By the time I was 15 Year 's old I could play Beethoven .	Over time , I grew and improved .
0	She was exhausted from practicing her violin so long .	Claire was taking the train back to her apartment .
1	The girls stayed near the teacher the rest of the trip .	Ali let out a sigh of relief as she boarded the bus back to school .
1	That 's why I sounded like an idiot on stage .	At least it was an honest reaction .
0	The monkey stopped and let out a shriek .	Rick ran along the cage looking at monkey running inside .
1	He did 50 sit ups everyday .	David ended up very strong after 1 year .
0	Jim flunked his class .	It was a test day .
1	He admired the guys with huge muscles beating each other up .	In high school , Tom began working out , using steroids .
0	Eventually I had to quit .	It made my work almost impossible .
0	The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades .	However , I tried to answer the questions .
0	On the third morning the house caught on fire .	Skip 's family rented a beach house in Florida for a week .
1	But she stayed out past her curfew .	He daughter came home and said she was having fun so she did n't leave .
1	Sally was taking a guitar class at school .	The teacher was laid back and the class was n't structured .
1	My wife and I were trying to teach our two-year-old to walk .	He was able to stand but would n't move forward .
0	He loves Sunday morning worship services in the main sanctuary .	Allan is the pastor of the First Baptist Church in his town .
1	When he gets to the store , he finds a blazer for a reasonable price .	It fits him perfectly .
0	He told his neighbors he would shovel for them .	Winter had just started , so he had a good idea .
0	It took all of 17 hours for him to be born .	This pain was different .
0	I bought a small cabin in the woods .	I wanted to live every writer 's dream .
0	They loaded Steve in a wheelbarrow and pushed him home .	Kids gathered around Steve , who was full of scrapes .
0	On his first day , Ben walked into class and was shocked .	So , he decided he was going to take a class a town over .
1	They filled their bags with the rocks .	Their bags were so full that they could n't make it down the mountain .
0	She found one book with many positive reviews .	She searched Amazon for a good book .
1	Unlike his classmates , he knew how to pick up girls .	He went out with his friend that showed girls his money .
0	Now they feel more safe and secure .	So they bought a new home elsewhere .
1	He ended up falling into a fountain .	His shoes got soaked .
0	She has a problem .	She shops when she is happy .
0	He offered that they go see the romantic movie that night .	Jim could still see that Jen was a little upset .
0	Her friend convinced her to go after hours and hours of persuasion .	She thought they were more filthy than a toilet .
1	Sandra went to the mall to buy her mother something for Christmas .	She tried a shoe store , but did n't know her mother 's shoe size .
0	They searched the cupboards for something easy to cook .	Her boyfriend Edmund was visiting .
0	Jerry let the flames die down .	He had set his stove way too high of a temperature .
0	They were going fishing .	Jack and Jill went out on their dock .
1	John complied , practicing often .	Soon he was an excellent shot !
1	Anthony signed up and then determined she was single .	But who Anthony thought was her brother was really her husband .
0	At first he was very nervous .	Mitt was going bungee jumping .
0	I found a bench and tried to read by the lake .	It was cold so I brought my jacket .
0	Matt slipped on the floor right in front of his table .	Matt got the drinks for his very first customers .
0	The announced told listeners to stay on the smooth tip .	The only station I could pick up was a talk radio station .
1	Gina 's music teacher showed them how to dance the Charleston .	The kids all laughed at her .
1	When Joy was ten Year 's old , her family moved .	She had to go to a new school and make new friends .
1	Her husband decided to cheer her up .	He took her for dinner .
1	The hose did not reach the plants .	She had to fill up a watering can to water those flowers .
1	Tammy in his bathroom while he showered was the final straw .	He went down to the court and took out a restraining order on her .
1	She was thinking about him as she walked down the sidewalk .	She picked up a penny she saw on the ground .
0	Another dog attacked them , and Cam had to break them apart .	Cam was walking his dog one day when they had some trouble .
0	One day she locked Allie out of their bedroom .	Her step-sister did not like Allie .
0	The laptop fell to the ground .	One day , his dog knocked his laptop out of his lap .
0	Her mother came out and stood on the sidewalk looking up at her .	She was yelling at kids as they walked by .
1	The kids took off running .	They ran all over the park to find the eggs
1	Ali knew there would be a confrontation between them .	As the bus rode off she was happy to be safe for now .
1	But he made it to every test on time .	Then he slept for twelve straight hours !
0	I asked everyone if Congress Accomplished anything and got nothing .	I researched Congress accomplishments online and found nothing .
1	She worked really hard on it all year .	When it was time to share she was so nervous .
1	We drove to the beach and parked the car .	It was a long walk to get to the water .
0	He decided to make breakfast .	Bill woke up early one day .
0	Tom was proud of her even though he felt defeated .	Later on , his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him .
1	She practiced every day outside .	She hit her head a few times .
1	Therefore , I decided to go to the park with my friends .	We mostly played basketball together .
0	The weather caused everyone in the crowd to seek shelter .	James was on his way to the podium when the rain started .
0	Then he arrived in the capital city of Seoul .	Neil was having a great time touring South Korea .
1	Upset , she looked down and found the thief 's dropped wallet .	The police were able to quickly track him down and get her stuff back .
0	A man with a sinister grin greeted her .	Just then the door swung open .
0	The cop thought Hank was a bear .	A cop saw him and called a swat team .
0	She has been pouty all day because of it .	She got a bunch of sour candies from Santa yesterday .
1	Suddenly , a boy approached their table .	He asked Sadie if she wanted to go out on a date .
1	Each day , Nelly followed her older sister to and from the new school .	One day , her sister told Nelly to stop following her .
0	He thought about turning back .	But it began to rainy .
1	Since he made the patient sign a waiver , the patient could not sue .	The patient wrote a bad review online though .
0	Lisa was so mad she asked Rosie to leave .	Lisa got very mad .
0	A number of the girls at the dance commented how pretty it was .	Ally felt a little uneasy going to the dance in a homemade dress .
0	The manager thought for a second and then agreed to do the job .	The client said if it was a money issue then he would pay any price .
0	They never found her but one was was every sure she even played .	One child began to panic and cry .
0	It was red and round .	Kelly got a balloon at the dentist yesterday .
1	Lenny developed his business and expanded .	Lenny now shares his sandwich passion with thousands of people .
0	Alan took his team to the World Series and they won .	He chose to enter them into the little league World Series .
1	He brings some friends in to help take care of them sometimes .	They find the mice to be cute and cuddly .
0	In the morning , she looked outside , and her fears were confirmed .	Jenny pulled her blanket tighter around her , fearing the worst .
1	Helen hates dogs .	One morning she hears something .
0	She was using it again and it landed in the trash this time .	She climbed to the top of the tree to take the frisbee .
1	Janet decided to go to her high school 's party .	When she walked in , she felt awkward .
0	She promised herself one day she would get him on a helicopter .	Anita 's son loved helicopters .
0	They played music and laughed and had fun .	Her friends came over , sat on the balcony , ate and drank , and chatted .
1	Maddy had never tried coffee before .	Maddy took a big swig of her friend 's coffee .
1	Sam loved to smoke his meat with his favorite smoker .	Sam would often invite the whole neighborhood over for food .
0	The girls could n't get in .	Unfortunately they were n't on the list .
1	She also saw giant men throwing around huge dumbbells .	Erin decided she would rather try running to get into shape .
1	Pam loved to make hash browns out of her potatoes .	She grew all of her potatoes in her own garden .
0	Dan needs to buy a new grill and patio deck now .	He did n't know you should n't use the whole bottle of fluid .
0	His friend made a bet with him .	He told them that he can easily swing from the monkey bars .
1	The teacher had hired a professional to take some photos .	During the daughter 's photo shoot , Diana tried to take a photo .
1	She purchased the fabric .	She picked out the perfect thread .
0	They invited the crew out on the stage .	The actors had just finished and were bowing .
0	The owner came over and talked to the man .	He picked up a random object and pretended to be interested .
1	Remy was staying with his friends parents .	He was n't supposed to but he kept sneaking his girlfriend in .
1	This the story of how I met my wife .	Two boys had knocked all my books out of my arms in the hallway .
0	There was no way I could go to school to take my test .	The night before , I came down with a bad cold .
0	Bill was excited to get out the house and see a movie .	Bill was recently invited to the movies with a coworker .
1	Jim was incredibly tired one morning .	But he forced himself out of bed .
1	There was nothing in our yard .	I looked over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .
0	His parents would always get mad that he would n't put them away .	Little Jimmy loved playing with legos .
0	Tom decided that the design and layout of the hotel was inefficient .	Tom 's business decided to buy a franchised hotel .
1	Ken was late for work today .	Ken 's boss was waiting for him at the office door .
0	They scheduled a babysitter for their twins .	Amy and Jon wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together .
1	He called around to some local barbers .	Luke rode his bike to the barbershop .
0	The clerk said in three hours .	He gave the clerk the suit and asked when to pick it up .
1	It was his first game ever .	Boris was terrified .
0	When he came home , he had three bags of groceries .	She told him to only get cheese .
0	They were able to match up the pieces .	Tim and Eric were putting together a jigsaw puzzle .
1	My friend and I decided to go to school to review for a test .	Before we started , she wanted to get a drink from the vending machine .
0	He and his friends think it looks ridiculous .	So buys a wallet with a chain .
1	Becky gave him a snack out of the fridge .	Peanut is not hungry anymore .
0	He fell asleep and dropped the iPad directly on his nose .	Austin was too tired to be holding anything above his face last night .
1	Maya went shopping .	She loaded her groceries into the checkout lane .
0	He ran straight to the door .	Finley , the dog , jumped up barking .
0	He used all ten dollars , but he finally won a bunny .	His parents agreed , and he went to the fair with his allowance .
1	Barney fearfully huddled in his foxhole as the barrage came down .	He saw the tops of trees splintering and crashing toward the ground .
1	I decided to go in the attic to investigate .	It turns out my water heater was leaking .
1	Jessica 's friends were sure she would like kale .	They told her this every day .
0	Her name was Jackie .	There was this kid that lived a few houses down street .
0	His wife thought it was hideous and clashed with the decor .	Virgil brought home a bright blue recliner he had found online .
1	There were long needles sticking out of her snout .	She had met up with a porcupine .
1	He had written over 200 short stories .	His creativity was running out !
1	Lindsay went over to feed the ducks some bread .	The ducks ate the bread .
0	She tried a shoe store , but did n't know her mother 's shoe size .	Sandra went to the mall to buy her mother something for Christmas .
0	His wife 's coat was ripped out of his hands and flew off into the sky !	As he was walking to his car a gust of wind blasted past him !
1	One day , his cheese fell behind the counter .	No one noticed the cheese for three months .
0	His wife gave birth to a boy in September .	My wife 's nephew became a father last year .
1	He hurriedly cast about for a portable meal .	Then his eye landed on the fruit bowl .
0	The day before the tests , Jake was talking with his friends .	He studied for a few minutes , but decided he knew all the information .
1	Whenever we talk we discuss the issue .	She says she will look into it further .
0	She was tempted to join but wanted to think it over .	She discussed the armed forces with the recruiter .
1	The puppy woke up one morning .	He went outside and played in the warm sun .
1	Paige took out a loan for a new house .	The next day , Paige lost her job .
1	Lisa was planning on eating leftovers for lunch .	All morning she was looking forward to her food .
1	She invited a lot of friends and planned a nice lunch .	Her Aunt came early to do the flowers .
0	Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home .	The bird flew off with his sandwich into the sky .
1	She was very excited and wanted to pick a nice name .	Unfortunately Sue and her husband could n't agree on a name .
0	He got the promotion .	He sent it in .
1	Darrin wanted to start a record label but did n't know what to call it .	He tried several names but they were all taken .
0	She took a job babysitting to get her away from her home .	Lo was angry and grumpy !
1	Margaret was at her family cabin .	She was up in the loft , and wanted to go downstairs .
1	The crowd roared and burst with excitement .	In the cockpit , Deven did not feel anything .
1	Her head was bleeding and she could not remember her name .	She heard a strange noise and saw a bright light .
0	It was so yummy !	She made him a grilled cheese sandwich .
0	His mom signed him up for lessons .	Jimmy wanted to learn karate .
1	He hated his phone and resented not being able to afford a new one .	His friend had many complaints about the new phone and its problems .
0	When she thought she had the hang of it , she stepped into the game .	There , she watched experienced players play .
0	He made his first friend in the city who helped and he passed !	He thought he was going to fail a class for the first time .
1	Kelly was on her way home from school .	She was riding her favorite bicycle .
0	Jose adopted five dogs that day to save them .	He was told eventually they get put down .
0	She looked up videos online to try and learn .	Joyce was trying to learn a yoyo trick .
0	She decided to consult her horoscope .	Anna had a big event coming up .
1	Frustrated , Barbara called him an idiot and stormed out .	Barbara realized she had been cruel , and went back to apologize .
1	Todd was hungry .	He did not have anything to cook at his house .
0	When Larissa was twenty-eight , she got a boyfriend .	Larissa had always been mean and bossy .
1	I was walking around at night .	I saw a racoon .
0	Before he knew what was happening , the fart snuck out .	The problem was , he was sitting right behind a pretty girl .
0	It was a proud mommy moment .	I teared up listening to her explanation .
0	His room door sat open all the time .	Her grandpa was now dead .
1	I decided to ask my boss for some time off .	She told me no .
1	In 2007 , our condo building was infested with mice .	I put sticky traps everywhere .
1	As soon as Jack opens the door he flattens the guy on the other side .	Jack 's scared when she tells him the man is a cop , not her attacker ,
1	Bob worked in sales .	Bob wanted to sale for his own company .
1	Yesterday Kevin proposed to his girlfriend Candy .	He took her to the local baseball arena and got down on one knee .
0	He caught lots of big ones .	In the winter the ice fished .
0	They slipped them under their shirts or behind their backs .	One by one , the students grabbed trays from the dining hall .
0	When we first met he said he his oven self cleaned .	John is very funny .
0	It was very fun .	Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade .
0	The kids loved the museum .	Each one left with a souvenir .
0	The army ants readied themselves and set out for the enemy hill .	The queen ant sent out messages to the army ants .
1	He climbed his ladder and draped them up there .	Then he climbed down and surveyed his work .
1	Kim has many dolls .	She lets her friends play with them .
1	They did everything together .	In college Mary began to party and get drunk every night .
0	Going back home , it started to rainy .	She bought some Daiya brand pizza .
0	Fortunately , he graduated from cooking classes as the # 1 student .	He also read a lot of cookbooks .
1	Mischa was out for dinner with friends .	The waiter informed them that they were the lucky diners .
0	When everything arrived , she opened her gifts .	She decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday .
1	Colin overheard his father on the phone .	So he runs downstairs to find his mother .
0	He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone !	After an hour of waiting , he was sad because nobody showed .
0	Alexis had a tryout with a professional team .	Alexis became very good at soccer .
1	She searched Amazon for a good book .	She found one book with many positive reviews .
0	One day he went to the zoo .	He was petrified of them .
0	The plant died .	However she watered it too much .
1	He invited all his friends over and gave them parts .	They ran around all day filming .
0	Tim played music over his huge surround sound system .	He invited all of his friends .
0	She gets a settlement of fifteen thousand dollars .	When Jill gets a lawyer they start to listen .
1	Sam felt bad .	Sam gave his kite to Ben and they were both happy .
0	She decided to jump across a pipe to get to the other side .	Jane was running on top of the building .
0	I became unproductive at work due to the lack of sleep .	He kept me up most nights for about a month .
1	I walked on campus .	While walking across the hallway , the professor greeted me .
1	She woke up at 7AM this morning and was full of energy .	Bella 's mom took her to the park after breakfast .
1	One Spring Julie forgot to help her grandmother with the garden .	The roses were in full bloom when she remembered to come .
0	Snatching her titles , she played Zephyr for 69 points !	She almost gave up , but then she grinned instead .
0	She made a peanut butter sandwich and ate it with a handful of chips .	Gina would have to fend for herself .
1	The receptionist looked at me and told me I was there a day early .	I was embarrassed and always double check my dates now .
0	Suddenly he felt a sharp pain .	He was folding a piece of construction paper .
1	Ricky 's friend gave an excellent lesson on bow tie tying .	Ricky was happy that he could finally tie a bowtie .
1	Basil went camping in bear infested woods .	He was ignorant of safety practices for outdoor activities .
0	We found the houses on either side of ours were badly damaged .	We packed up and hurried home .
0	She did n't feel comfortable in class with the teacher .	When Amy was in college she dropped out of a Piano course .
0	He failed his spelling test and was grounded from his new game .	One week Cruz was busy with his new game and did n't study .
0	The men gave chase .	When the adults arrived , the kids ran .
0	I saw a turtle with an injured leg .	I was walking by the river .
1	When they go to investigate they find that the basement is flooded .	They have to spend all night dealing with a flooded basement .
1	Ava took it inside and made it a home .	Then she fed it by hand every day .
1	One day she walked to the store and met a guy .	He flirted with her .
1	Peb had left her math book in the lunchroom .	She hurried back to get it .
0	She hopped into the shower with her toothbrush .	Cindy awoke in panic when she realized that she was late for work .
0	Roger learned his lesson and never raced again .	Roger left the other car behind but he crashed in his excitement .
1	I searched his apartment up and down to find it .	When I did I found out it was addressed to me saying he loved me .
1	But her aunt had died and her mother insisted she attend .	Bethy was afraid she would feel horrible and cry in front of people .
0	She did like broccoli .	He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room .
1	He then began to feel jittery .	Joe could n't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness .
0	They loved to play videogames together .	Ally and Jake were siblings .
1	He had a good long life of 13 years .	Then one day he died peacefully in his sleep .
0	I have n't seen one of those in years .	The other day I found a sand dollar .
0	She went to her doctor to get it checked out .	Tara had really bad back pain .
0	She tried not to get any strains on her outfit .	Nancy was walking to her interview .
0	Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid .	I gave myself a burn .
0	Their favorite part is feeding the ducks .	They go every week .
0	I decided to get on the top of the monkey bars .	I was playing on top of the monkey bars one day .
1	She drove to the store .	Then she began looking at cooking pots and pans .
1	My mom was cleaning out the table .	Since she thought that my homework was trash , she threw it away .
1	In 2012 the furnace started shutting down .	The manager refused to send a technician unless he got several calls .
0	When it was raining , Jo dropped his phone in a puddle !	It kept all sorts of important information that he used regularly .
0	I scooped her out and decided to keep her .	I realized that was what I wanted .
0	My broadcast teacher leaked classified information in class .	As a college senior on the campus paper , I won reporter of the week .
1	Finally , he had to take the computer into a repair shop .	When he got it back he was crushed to see the paper did n't save .
0	She decided to use it for a project .	When it was all done , she saw that she had extra paint .
0	Jesse bought a new computer .	Fortunately , he had saved up money for a new one .
1	Tom never took it past talking .	He loved his girlfriend and did n't want to risk it .
0	He punched the alarm clock into the wall and brushed his teeth .	Dean woke up screaming , as always .
0	They swam for hours and then drove home tired and happy !	When they were as warm as they could stand , they jumped in the water .
1	I decided to build a bridge out of dead wood .	I started to cross the bridge .
1	I had to walk nude to the closet .	I dripped water all over the wood flooring .
0	It occurred to her that she could be pregnant .	She felt sick and ran to the bathroom .
1	Harry got so blue , wondering how he could move on in life .	He began recording his thoughts and making notes of his experience .
0	He waited to see Max before passing away and Max knew that .	Max brought him his dinner and his grandpa was n't responding .
0	Amy waited anxiously every day for a reply .	She painstakingly wrote a letter in Spanish to her new pal Juan .
0	The gallery showcased the most expensive art in the world .	Adrian was a fine art consultant for a gallery in Newport Beach .
0	She went to her 5th period class in a funk .	Amy was done because she ate lunch alone .
0	She went to a salon .	Emma needed a haircut .
0	With his hook baited , Jeremy put his line in the water .	Jeremy 's dad took him out on the lake in a little rowboat .
1	He looked all over the place , but could n't find it .	Billy eventually gave up and bought a new hat .
0	Sam decided to get a burrito instead .	They said they were all out .
0	The doctor said the baby was doing very well .	She took her baby boy to the doctor .
0	The made a clicking sound and would n't start .	Audrey went out in the morning to start the car before work .
1	When the plane took off , he realized something surprising .	He found flight fun and exhilarating !
1	He saw some people trying to free a car stuck in the snow .	Bob offered to help push the car out .
0	I went to my boss 's office .	Today , I thought I will be a little adventurous .
0	Today he called to say his wife was sick with the flu .	He still calls on occasion to update me about work .
0	It was n't really helpful for illness , but it was a cozy pillow .	Then , she picked the pillow up and brought it home .
1	The barista told her she 'd just missed Chris Adler !	Mary did n't know that was Megadeth 's guitarist .
1	She begged her parents for almost a year .	Her friends dog had puppies right before Christmas time .
1	He looks for pretty birds .	Today he saw a coyote on the trail .
0	Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her .	Lynn was on a high because she did n't get caught .
1	To make matters worse , a man was following her .	She screamed when the man caught up to her and touched her shoulder .
1	The next day Brooke does not get mad at all during work .	Shelby notices this , and now they meditate during breaks together .
0	Charles did n't know his father , so Charles ran away from home .	She threatened to send him to live with his father .
1	I opened the bottle and did not find a pirate map .	Instead , it was part of a high school science project on currents .
1	She could not get the paint off the floor .	Now she has blue spots on her carpet .
0	I started out by turking 10 days in a row and making about 30 cents .	I looked into it and found that it could be very interesting .
1	Howard loved his job .	One day his boss asked him to stay over and work late .
0	He often gently dusts their ash canisters in somber reflection .	When they attacked the child , he was the only one surprised .
1	I talked to them about regular life stuff .	I hung up later and watched television .
1	He crashed his car while driving .	Edison is in the hospital .
0	She asked him to come and pick up their baby .	Anita wanted to make her son 's father upset .
1	I went to the store and bought several gallons of paint .	I painted a mural and bricks on the wall .
0	Kevin called the store and agreed to pick them up later .	Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at the store .
0	Susie quickly made enough to buy her skates .	She went door to door selling her jewelry .
0	He participated in the long jump event .	Jim was on the the United States Olympic track team .
1	Long ago , humans were hunter-gatherers .	They gained a great advantage with the invention of agriculture .
1	Nina was afraid of moths .	One night there was a big moth in her room .
1	They were very happy when I finished all of the shoveling .	My parents bought me a new game for all of my hard work .
0	Lisa cried tears of joy !	She went into labor and had a baby girl .
1	He had heard so much about the Cliffs of Moher .	He took a trip there and he had to agree with the other visitors .
1	A few minutes later , the soup exploded in the pot .	It started to flood the stove .
1	Sam waited until she left the house and devoured it whole !	That day Sam gained a whole pound of salami weight !
1	Suddenly , the chain snapped and dropped bob to the floor .	Luckily , ob 's hard head broke his fall .
0	Charlie forgot his bag outside and the dog ate all of his candy !	Charlie and his friend went inside after playing with the dog .
1	Suddenly he saw a little boy struggling in the deep end !	Tim took action immediately , jumping into the water .
0	When I served one particular kid , he got on his knees and thanked me .	The place was packed with several people .
1	But then one magazine gave him great news .	They were going to pay him to publish his story !
0	Jerry was barely awake by the time he got home .	He texted his wife telling her that he had to work .
1	Luckily for the bird , it flew and landed safely .	The mother bird came to check on the bird .
1	She watched in awe as the artist worked with the molten glass .	She did n't know how we could stand the heat !
0	She decided to show off her skill publicly .	Amy loved eating pie , and she could eat a lot of it !
0	He used the money to buy the book .	Mike pocketed the money and went to pay for the book .
1	The next day , the went out and enjoyed some scenic areas .	That evening , they made a huge dinner .
1	Amy did n't want to eat the school lunch anymore .	Her mother told her she was too busy to make her a lunch .
0	Kay reluctantly agreed to a quiet dinner and movie celebration .	But his girlfriend smelled trouble and begged him to stay in .
0	Turns out , his parents loved Chinese food most of all .	Her fiance said he 'd fix it and ordered Chinese food .
0	Ziggy 's worried owner takes him to the vet .	Ziggy the dog will lick his paws until they are raw .
0	He took it the Goodwill store down the street .	Carlton hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set .
1	Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation .	They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow .
0	Sally never played deck hockey before and was very nervous .	One day , she challenged Sally to a game of deck hockey .
0	My daughter was very sad about losing Spot .	Spot died suddenly after a month .
1	One day , she picked up a fantasy book .	She was so entangled in the story she thought she was living it .
1	Marcus has been dreading going to his job at the coffee shop .	He puts off getting out of bed as long as he can .
1	Tim had a huge party .	He made carrot stew .
1	She went to the store and looked around .	She finally found a pair of red high heels .
1	She bought a ticket from New York to Tokyo .	Jennifer also made hotel reservations .
1	Mikey tried to stop her , but she began berating the waiter .	Other people noticed and scolded her .
1	Reese saw that he left his suitcase which was ticking .	His manager called the police and the building was evacuated .
0	He wanted more french fries .	He was screaming .
1	Instead I was offered a promotion and a raise .	I 'm looking forward to my new work responsibilities .
1	Now there are a lot of leaves to rake .	His wife ordered him to clean the yard .
1	Beth had just moved to a new town .	She did not know anybody .
1	Fred and his team were gearing up for the soccer game .	Fred was very nervous .
0	We paid for our groceries and were on our way .	The self checkouts had the shortest lines .
0	I had to run to my car and drive away from the darn ducks .	No matter how fast I went they kept chasing .
1	Gina sat in the plastic chair .	Her legs were sticking to the material .
1	Dakota filled out an application to his local college .	He waited for a letter of reply from the college .
0	My mom also asked Elena about the gift she bought for me .	The rest of the family decided to hand out their presents .
1	I was frightened but also nervous to go on it .	When the ride started I was screaming .
1	Hillary and her husband went to a restaurant by the sea .	A waiter walked over and took their order .
1	She learned that it 's not violence when it is self defense .	She learned it is called intelligence .
1	She gathered the jewelry and put it away .	Then she realized one of her earrings was missing its match .
0	They were running around in some high grass .	Jordan was playing with her friends .
1	My nephew was visiting my house one day .	He said he was thirsty so I gave him some water .
0	Leila hugged the elephant .	After an hour of searching , Leila found an elephant .
1	Amy and Jon wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together .	They scheduled a babysitter for their twins .
1	As a result , I decided to buy a few gifts for Christmas .	My family and friends were extremely happy when they got their gifts .
0	However , we swapped shirts and he returned to the man .	He took one and walked off .
0	She really wanted to go with Brian so she decided she would ask him .	Lucy was nervous about the Prom because she did n't have a date .
0	For the next few weeks , he stuck to a better diet .	He did some reading and decided to fix his eating .
1	We circled the lot trying to find a space .	We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it .
1	It scared her being up there alone all that time .	Sara did n't go back to the fair for the rest of this year .
1	Her grandmother had passed away the previous week .	Anette put together a playlist of her grandma 's favorite songs .
0	Joanne was able to have her new baby in peace .	Luckily , a nurse there offered to watch the toddler .
0	She followed the recipe .	She bought all the ingredients .
0	He had many errands to run , but first he stopped by the bank .	Donovan got off the bus , already feeling the heat of the day .
0	I still ca n't skate to this day .	Somehow I moved to fast and twisted my ankle and fell .
0	Dina was finally able to purchase the puppy she desired .	She found a reasonable breeder near her .
1	Craig went to the bar every week to play darts .	He thought he was the best at it .
0	Peter left without paying .	Peter and Jake were eating pizza .
0	Her balance was compromised by the fluid in her ear .	Amy had a severe ear infection .
1	A green glass bottle with the perfect width .	He unexpectedly found it online for sale .
0	We decided to get a new dog .	My husband and I were sad that our dog had died .
1	After a while , it looked like the warriors would be the best team .	In the end , they won the world championship !
0	He begged his mom to stop for new ones .	He was watching a movie when his headphones broke .
1	She made an appointment .	The doctor told her she had anemia .
0	Andrew spent the next year perfecting his golf swing .	His coach told him he could n't hit the golf ball every time .
0	I got on the ice but slipped and fell .	The rink was very crowded and full of kids .
1	She asked if I could recall the project .	I had kept my files on my home computer and emailed them to her .
1	He walked into the classroom to see the teacher passing out name-card .	Jon wrote his name on the name-card .
0	He left feeling really good about himself .	Vito decided to take it directly to the police station .
1	Nick was sledding with his siblings .	They were having a great time .
1	The ticket guy said I could n't get in without a guardian , being 16 .	I was humiliated , and never went to the movies with Jane after that .
1	One day the oyster opened with a pearl inside !	Oscar 's oyster was far from useless that day !
1	Every year my family and I go to Disney .	We always have a total blast .
0	He saved a lot of money by doing that .	Alan went home and learned how to change the car 's oil himself .
1	Since I was n't looking at my feet , I stepped on a rock .	I landed on the ground in pain .
1	He realized it was up to him to water his crops so he got a hose .	The farmer spent all day lugging his hose around to the crops .
0	Hung 's family had been doing it for many generations .	It had long been tradition to hunt whales during the Spring .
0	One day my wife was parking her car in the condo lot .	It was a family of four - two parents and kids .
0	While at the library , he saw an attractive librarian .	Jon wanted to know more about birds , so he went to the library .
1	Same went to visit his uncle at the farm .	He woke up early because of the roosters .
0	I sat out in front of my house , waiting for them to begin .	One night , I decided to figure out who it was that played so well .
0	I made my favorite cereal as soon as I got up for my family .	I decided to make breakfast for my mom and dad this morning .
0	The net helped keep whales off the beach , saving their lives .	She oversaw the build of a huge underwater net .
0	One person bought a drone and used it to spy on Craig .	The media reported on the new drone .
1	He did and showed it to his teacher the next day .	Howard got an A+ on that writing assignment that week .
1	The rescue crews works all day and night to save people .	After the waters went down there was nothing left .
0	One day at school , a bully cut them off with scissors .	Natty had long dreads he wore since he was a young boy .
0	He tries several ideas for a story .	Nick has writer 's block .
0	She started to become promoted and was very successful .	She started working with others and made many friends .
1	Jim had given his boss the cold .	Jim apologized by giving his boss some chocolate .
1	Jessie was about to go to summer camp .	First , his mom had to drive him to the bus stop to catch the camp bus .
0	I did not have enough time to write a good paper .	I was very busy and almost forgot about it completely .
1	She went to the garden center .	She bought some roses .
0	Maria took a lot of pictures and showed them to her friends at home .	Maria played in the sand and swam a lot in the ocean .
1	But gradually he grew better and better .	Jay rewarded Rex with a treat for his obedience !
0	Soon his guests started to show up .	He put out a bunch of food and played some music .
0	She sold everything she did n't need .	She started working more and paying bills .
1	While waiting in line , she began feeling light headed .	Suddenly , she fainted in the store .
1	He found one website that offered many tips .	After Jerry followed them , he started feeling a lot better .
1	Ann started to date a coworker of hers against company policy .	They tried to keep it a secret .
1	She saw a very rare bird high up in a tree .	To get a better look she climbed the tree next to it .
1	While watching a movie online , he saw an ad that demanded attention .	The ad was about ten rare diseases that would gross out anyone .
1	Joe always planted a garden .	Today was planting day .
1	One day he took a call from a telemarketer saying they could help him .	Charles ' monthly payments were reduced to fifty dollars .
0	All week , he watched these videos instead of studying .	He had too many TV shows to catch up on on Netflix .
1	After graduation , he started to lose proficiency .	One day he met a girl named Marisela who spoke Spanish .
0	Suddenly , we noticed that it began to snow very hard .	I was attending class one day .
0	When she got to the front door something smelled really good .	Jenn came home from work for her lunch hour .
1	He replaced the belt and the sound went away .	He threw the old belt away and sighed in relief .
0	When Dan opened the door Jake began to spray him with silly string .	He knocked on his brother Dan 's door to show him the toy .
0	It felt like he made little progress .	But his friend convinced him to study one day .
1	The package advised not to thaw it outside the fridge .	But Adam did n't see what could go wrong .
0	However , when he was about to go , he could not find his tent .	He bought so much gear in preparation .
0	He had gone on lots of websites and called a lot of hotels .	Tom had spent his day planning a big vacation .
1	She folded everything and put it away afterwards .	June felt so much better knowing it was all done !
1	Jenna hit the weight hard in the gym .	She did 4 sets of squats during her workout .
0	The next day , we could n't stop talking about the previous night .	After eating , we decided to go to a yogurt shop .
0	I raced home and convinced my husband I only wanted to be with him .	I looked on my phone and my ex had tagged me with lovey dovey stuff .
0	Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt !	Her eyes fell on the girl 's toy box , and she was suddenly inspired .
0	She preferred to talk to boys and skip class .	Lynsey did not try very hard at her studies .
1	She was rushed to the hospital .	Unfortunately the baby would not turn around .
1	She called her friend Amy who told her there was party later .	Lucy felt left out since she could n't go .
0	Then , the parade was over .	Then , some band members walked by .
0	She collapsed and her friends surrounded her .	Suddenly , she felt faint .
1	He searched for something that he could eat .	After twelve days of searching Carl was unable to find any food .
1	Valerie started seeing things that were n't there .	SHe was too old to have imaginary friends .
1	She carefully cut and sewed an old pair of pants .	Soon she had a stylish pair of homemade capris !
1	Jake had recently bought a house .	About a week later , there was a hurricane that passed through .
1	One summer at our pool party , my mom was caught off guard .	She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board .
1	At first she put her brother and uncle near each other .	Then , her sister warned her that the two had been fighting .
0	I had difficulty taking out the bread since it was stuck .	It heated the bread for several minutes in order to toast it .
0	They could not afford bills that high , so changes would be made .	Ora 's mom told her that the family had a very high gas bill .
1	I work at a radio station .	Every few days , a man calls the station , speaks quickly , and hangs up .
0	She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast .	Stephanie woke up very hungry .
0	So she had to wear glasses .	Judy was sad because she scored poorly on a her vision test .
0	One day she forgot to study for her spelling test .	She always made good grades .
0	Lucy decided it was better to just tell the truth .	Lucy knew going to the doctor would reveal her secret .
0	Their family could hardly stand it .	With the long marriage came extensive bickering .
0	When his trip is over , he is very sad to leave .	In New Orleans , Francisco samples gumbo and other delicious food .
1	I like a cool apartment .	My girlfriend prefers a warm apartment .
1	Lily 's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement .	Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad
1	Danny was on a trip with his family .	They had just arrived at a hotel for the night .
0	I laid on the cold ground waiting for help .	I fell on the icy sidewalk and broke my wrist .
0	She decided to read up more about them .	Mary was unsure about vaccines .
0	The previous night , there had been some drama online .	Laura was at school one morning .
1	Suddenly someone grabbed me from behind and I screamed !	My friend Keith laughed so hard he was almost crying .
1	While teaching a lesson she stumbled on her words .	Her students asked if she was drunk .
0	One day , a new girl joined the team .	Amber always thought she was the best tennis player on her team .
0	The ran away fast and went home the next morning .	Soon , they heard loud screams and loud banging !
0	I jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen .	They were scratching vigorously at the door .
0	The patient wrote a bad review online though .	Since he made the patient sign a waiver , the patient could not sue .
0	Specifically , he took it from a campus security vehicle .	Sam , my college roommate , stole a license plate .
0	Dan told Jane that he could n't afford hygiene products .	Jane became annoyed , and asked Dan why he smelled bad .
0	He 'd been drinking away the humiliation of his day at work .	It was his fault that she had died .
0	Sam would often invite the whole neighborhood over for food .	Sam loved to smoke his meat with his favorite smoker .
0	My mom 's shirt ended up soaked .	The machine ended up shaking and the cup spilled .
0	They only had high efficiency washers which Kay did n't really like .	Kay was at the laundromat washing her clothes .
1	Clara never raised her hand in that class again .	She decided that she loved English class instead .
1	He tried to make her stop but she would n't listen .	Therefore , he slapped her .
0	Amy was upset with Beth for being dishonest and sneaky .	Amy and Beth were fighting and no longer speaking .
0	It jumped on the farmer 's shoulder .	After the tulip was open , a scorpion came out .
0	We stopped and he bought a net for the next trip .	On the way home Tom told me he wanted to stop to buy a net .
1	Riley loved grape flavored candy .	Justin decided to impress Riley with lots of grape candy .
1	We all went to the China buffet one day .	Everyone went inside and ate tons of delicious food .
1	He learned that this eviction was illegal .	He filed a report .
0	Sal became a therapist , and continued to help people every single day !	It did n't take long for her to come up with a perfect choice .
0	She takes off her shoes to try on a pair and the smell is awful .	One day she summons the courage to go to the shoe store .
0	Ryder played outside .	His owner opened the door for him .
0	Her psychiatrist told her she was neurotic and needed to be stopped .	In their second session , Karen asked what is she paying for ?
0	Chris gets called into his manager 's office .	His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment .
1	I got a call from the mall .	The mall security had arrested my son .
0	She practiced very hard .	Tryouts at her school are soon .
0	He felt horrible that he had to do this , but he was rushed .	He decided to speed things up by copying another song .
0	Finally his friends convince him to eat at an Indian restaurant .	Alex has always avoided eating unfamiliar foods .
1	Justin was on the track team at his school .	One day , he had an away meet at another school .
1	She withdrew my application because I did n't have experience .	I told her that 's why I applied for an entry level job .
1	Yesterday , as the crew ate on the beach , Mike had an idea .	He took off in their helicopter .
0	He took a train into Saigon .	Neil was traveling in Vietnam .
1	Sade caught the bus for the first time .	She paid her fare and sat near the front .
1	The problem was , he was sitting right behind a pretty girl .	Before he knew what was happening , the fart snuck out .
1	But then he saw that his granddad was still his old self , just weaker .	Bray was relieved that his granddad was okay .
1	Despite this , she still grilled hamburgers .	However , she noticed no one was eating their food .
0	I began to panic when I thought my hair was getting too short .	So I told the stylist that she should cut more off than usual .
1	Bob did n't want his sons to take up his dangerous line of work .	When his sons begged to join him on the job , Bob relented .
1	His son unexpectedly threw up .	Luckily , he felt better after a few minutes .
1	Erin 's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game .	As a result , the teams were forced to play again .
0	She got up extra early to get dressed .	Amy was starting Junior High .
1	I hollered who 's there at the back door .	I did n't hear an answer .
1	The song was called real friends .	When I listened to the song it was great .
1	Steven wanted nothing more than a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet .	He was very poor and could not afford one .
0	However the next day Kelly went into her room .	They said no .
1	Trying to keep quiet , they inched towards it .	Jon stepped on a branch , and the deer was scared off .
1	His owner wanted to sleep later .	The owner tried many things including ignoring the dog .
1	Lulu and her friends decided to go to the new restaurant downtown .	There were no menus available online for them to check out .
1	They spent all weekend throwing most of her item away .	When they were done , Betsy was shocked to see her house so clean .
0	Francisco promised he would never wait so long to see her again .	He and his mother were very happy to see each other .
0	She had been trying unsuccessfully to fall asleep for 2 hours .	Gina was on a road trip with her family .
1	She was too polite to say anything , however .	She spent the entire evening sneezing and blowing her nose .
0	Sarah finds Lucy safe at one of her neighbors houses .	She searches the neighborhood calling for Lucy .
0	Her alcoholic drink spilled all over him .	Suddenly , a woman behind him bumped into him .
1	Justin was qualified to be a prison guard .	He went through the application process .
1	I made a pizza today .	It had mushrooms and mozzarella on it .
0	He fell asleep while his dad drove across the USA .	He hopped in the car and traveled to Las Vegas .
1	A large fish suddenly jumped out of the water .	In addition , it smacked Henry on the chest .
1	I tried to find my way around but the crowds of people were in the way	The airport also had many twists and turns .
1	He asked her what was wrong and she was unhappy as well .	They both went their separate ways .
0	Reggie needed to go to a nearby store .	Reggie was proud of having 12 years without a car accident .
0	He 'd put flowers and colorful stones on carefully arranged twigs .	It was a simple thing , but he was proud of it , nonetheless .
0	Orson decided to retire .	He wondered if he could keep up with the times .
1	I tried writing a mean text to send to her .	When the text was sent , it went to my mom instead .
1	It got so bad I decided to turn around .	At home I called in sick to work .
0	They were no longer allowed to eat junk food .	Jane decided to cook healthier for her family .
0	Bill had weird designs on his socks .	Bill went to class every day .
1	Gina came outside to see her niece sitting in the car .	She was playing with the steering wheel .
1	They could n't settle the debate after hours of discussion .	They decided to ask an expert to settle it .
0	To their dismay , though , they found none .	She and her friend hurriedly began digging for treasure .
1	The rink was very crowded and full of kids .	I got on the ice but slipped and fell .
0	Ben figured that it was the mailman dropping off letters .	A sound woke up him at around 2:30 .
0	Now , Hal 's cakes are well known throughout the land .	Hal gave them out to everyone , and developed a demand .
0	When she picked it up she shook , spilling tea everywhere .	Carefully , I placed the tea next to her .
0	She asked what I was doing .	My wife noticed me using incognito mode online .
1	He found a nice dvd player and bought it .	William gave his mother the gift after their dinner .
1	The salesperson picked out a pretty dress for Cara .	It fit her perfectly and so she decided to buy it .
1	Laura could n't afford to buy a dress for the school dance .	She made one out of a pretty floral fabric .
0	She had white streaks all through her hair , not blonde .	When she finally rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster .
1	It broke in half .	Luckily Joe had an insurance plan on the phone .
0	I tried my local Chinatown , to no avail .	I could not find one on amazon or ebay .
0	I am tired of the mud so we went to the hardware store .	The mud gets brought into the house by the four dogs that run .
0	He was going to combine the cash with a Best Buy gift card he had .	We gave him money for an Xbox .
0	Tom fixed the doll 's arm and gave it back to Alice .	Alice began to cry which made Tom feel horrible .
1	Nathan was already running 10 minutes late .	He heard an explosion and his car started to slow down .
0	Dan bet his brother the Giants would beat the Vikings .	Dan and his family were watching football .
0	He was enjoying the beautiful scenery .	It had been weeks .
1	Charles found himself a job on craigslist .	It 's the worst job he ever experienced .
1	After a few months , my forearms were muscular !	Alas , I did n't work the rest of my body so I looked weird .
1	The next morning , he had an awful taste in his mouth .	Hank then went to brush his teeth .
1	Ross was really into adventure games .	His friend bought him a new shooting game on Steam .
1	They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth .	They played Frisbee for hours .
0	He also noticed that there was a huge puddle under the washer .	Alex then found he had no laundry soap .
1	Tim was waiting for his dad .	His dad was bringing burgers .
0	She bet that Ann could n't drink two liters of soda in under an hour .	Ann 's friend made her a twenty dollar bet .
0	Her mom agreed to buy the tickets if Mary could clean the whole house .	Mary begged her mom for tickets to the concert that weekend .
1	Henry has spent months at the gym trying to lose weight .	Now that he has lost weight , he wants to show off in a new suit .
1	She was stressed and anticipating a long moving process .	The moving truck arrived early in the morning .
0	Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground .	But while she was running it flew out of her hands .
1	Her mom did not have anything to fix Mrs Molly , so she bought glue .	She hugged her mom when Mrs Molly was fixed because she was so happy .
1	I 've been training for the past week .	When the race started , I thought I was going to have a hard time .
1	Charles was hired , but his boss said competition was close .	He told Charles he was hired because the boss liked his shined shoes .
1	The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed .	She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how scared she was .
1	He took the bigger ones and chopped them first .	Dave cleaned off his knife and worked on the medium onions .
1	She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale .	The house sold , and Lisa moved to a little cottage by the bay .
0	Roan was glad he had come up with such a 'green ' idea !	The compost decomposed and nourished the plants in Roan 's garden .
1	Suddenly he heard a terrible racket !	When he looked out his mirror he could see rubber flopping around .
1	One day I was picked up from school by my step-mother .	She surprised me with a puppy !
0	Amy was secretly hoping to see him .	Amy and Beth had walked past Amy crushes house .
0	He decides he needs to get out of his house .	Jonas has felt depressed that it has been very cold lately .
1	Bob decided to write a story about his time in the military .	Bob submitted his story to the green apple publishing company .
1	Tammy fell in love with a pair of heels at the mall .	They were perfect for the big dance coming up .
0	He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions .	Greg decided to join marching band .
0	Ray told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate .	An old man answered the door and greeted Ray .
0	Bob went out to eat and ordered a chicken sandwich .	His blood pressure was very high .
1	He then went out to buy a fake tree instead .	He is much happier with his choice now .
0	Determined to see the reef , she enrolled in swimming lessons .	Unfortunately , she also had a fear of the water .
0	He decided he needed a hose .	Now he had to fill it !
0	Jon did n't want to go to India .	Jon 's family decided to go to vacation in India .
1	A cop saw him and called a swat team .	The cop thought Hank was a bear .
1	As a teenager , I needed to get braces .	I was n't looking forward to it .
1	Todd build a fire so they could cook dinner and stay warm .	They roasted hot dogs around the fire , had s'mores , and told stories .
1	After a week his feet were killing him .	After that he always took his time when buying shoes .
1	She signed up for an audition on American Idol .	She passed the first round and got to sing for the judges .
0	Jon stepped on a branch , and the deer was scared off .	Trying to keep quiet , they inched towards it .
1	Fez followed him around the house and slept with him every night .	They were best buddies .
0	Her father encouraged her to apply to one more school just in case .	Still , she was extremely worried she would n't get accepted anywhere .
0	The teacher saw and grabbed the note .	It expressed my love for her .
1	After the parade was over there was a big fair at the park .	At the fair the mayor said this was the best parade ever .
1	The temperature , like the leaves , is falling .	Autumn is here .
0	We always have fun on that holiday .	The colors were beautiful .
1	I tripped over the area rug and broke my foot .	I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast .
0	First , Jack dribbled with his right hand many times .	Jack wanted to get better at dribbling and decided to do a drill .
1	Tina was nervous for her piano recital .	She was shaking as she walked upon the stage .
0	He saw the wet spot on the floor .	Zach walked into the store .
0	Suddenly the clock ticked over to 5:00 pm .	How long had time been this way was a mystery to him .
0	The toaster was thrown away since it broke .	He fell flat for a moment , but eventually woke up .
1	Bernie is running for president .	His friend Hillary is also running for president .
1	She shouted at me because the song was terrible .	Then , she told me I got her pregnant on accident .
0	Now archaeologists pay him for his help with identifying symbols .	Bill became an expert on runes with many years of practice .
0	When her loved one came they played in a challenge .	Kate was a contestant on Survivor .
0	Principle refused at first , but accepted the higher counter offer .	Helen approached the principle and tried to bribe him .
0	The professor was irritated when he heard that .	Since i was demotivated , I wanted to drop out of the class .
1	Soon he graduated with honors .	He got a raise at his job for having his new degree !
1	I went outside to see where the noise was coming from .	It was coming from my next door neighbor 's house .
0	The staff were not friendly .	Unfortunately the waitstaff was terrible .
1	The forecast called for rainy .	I packed my raincoat .
0	He discovered a bunch of trash all over the ground .	He took his son to the playground .
0	Her blood pressure was markedly higher than on previous visits .	When she was seen by the doctor , her blood pressure was taken .
1	I sat down and worked hard on the test .	After finishing the test , I was given a good score .
0	Ron knew his mom had no money he was sad .	His mother said you need new shoes .
1	They went to the theater , and the museum .	After 3 days Beth left and returned home .
0	Cindy was disheartened that she would n't be able to get her the toy .	Unfortunately , the doll her daughter wanted was discontinued .
0	She likes to sleep on a red fuzzy blanket .	My cat is brown , white and orange .
1	The plane began to fall as Jared prepared to tell the passengers .	Suddenly , the plane began to work again and Jared thanked God .
1	At first he fell over and over .	But soon Chris was skating just like an old pro !
0	A throat lozenge was laying in inside of the patient 's vaginal cavity .	One evening while performing a hysterectomy he noticed something .
1	He got a lawyer and took Stevie to court for copyright infringement .	The court hired musicologists to compare the notes .
0	Every other day a man would come in looking for fruit .	Laura owned a flower shop .
0	He forgot to stir the spaghetti noodles and dinner was ruined .	He returned to strain the spaghetti but everything stuck to the pot .
0	She felt so bored and alone that day .	She could n't afford to travel this year .
0	Ali let out a sigh of relief as she boarded the bus back to school .	The girls stayed near the teacher the rest of the trip .
1	Vincent 's boss says that Brad owes him money .	Vincent drives to Brad 's house with a friend to get the money .
0	She melted the chocolate and dipped the fruit .	She bought the strawberries and chocolate .
0	Jane wound up running a stop sign .	The friend kept distracting her .
1	I found the perfect gift for my mom , but could n't buy it due to price .	I headed back to the mall where it was on sale for fifty dollars less .
1	Since I was already five minutes late , I ran to my class .	My belongings were soaked in water on the day .
1	He went and bought fancy tiles for the floor .	He spent all day laying them down .
0	Finally , he weighed enough to join the army .	He ate good food and worked out at the gym .
0	The waiter said he could not leave without paying .	He had already eaten his food .
1	They told lies about the process to convince us we could n't vote .	I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know .
0	Her mom had told her not to .	Ginny was playing ball in the house .
0	I decided to get a new pair of pants .	The seam busted again .
0	She grew all of her potatoes in her own garden .	Pam loved to make hash browns out of her potatoes .
0	I had to wait 15 minutes longer than I was told .	I went there after they said it would be done .
1	For Years Charles wanted a job selling technology .	A company hired him three months ago to sell online marketing plans .
1	Her cousin got sick his first day here .	Steph was disappointed .
0	So I got out of bed to walk to the bathroom .	I got in my nice soft bed then remembered I 'd forgotten something
0	Autumn is here .	The temperature , like the leaves , is falling .
1	Cooley was a good dog , but he liked to run away .	One day Asa decided to take Cooley on a hike .
1	The Footlocker store was 3 times the size of Payless .	Gina had a hard time choosing from so many options .
1	Noela got to walk with a handsome man .	The two of them hit it off at the reception .
1	That weekend she practiced how to parallel park .	She went back to take the test .
1	Fred 's mom got very scared for her son .	She frantically started texting and calling him .
1	Amy , a good person , felt forced to resort to a devious technique .	The only thing that worked was to pretend to be deaf !
0	I felt dizzy and started to run away .	Instead of hitting the ball , he smacked my head .
0	This is a hide-and-go-seek type of game .	We played sardines in a can .
1	As soon as his opponents were coming after him , he threw the ball .	It was moving towards the wide receiver .
1	Alice began to cry which made Tom feel horrible .	Tom fixed the doll 's arm and gave it back to Alice .
0	Many birds flew toward it to get some seeds .	I filled up the bird feeder in the yard .
0	He sets it up at home and it sounds great !	Alfredo buys a great stereo system on sale at a local store .
0	The tree in Theo 's yard produced hundreds of cherries !	Then in the spring , an amazing thing happened .
1	Some guy is giving one of the girls a hard time at the bar .	So Dan stands up to him .
1	His wife went to his work to surprise him for lunch .	She found out he was fired and was furious that he did n't tell her .
0	As a result , she gave the whole class detention .	No one wanted to confess .
0	Sarah thanked him profusely and they enjoyed their lunch together !	John smiled and gave her the money for her lunch .
0	He was proud of how good his lawn looked .	But Erin liked the results .
0	Now Jim double checks his appointments .	He apparently wrote it for the wrong date .
0	I was in competition against some of the best players in the town .	I signed up for a billboards tournament .
0	Jerald bought the sedan .	He found an affordable sedan he wanted .
0	He took lots of photos of the beautiful jungle ruins .	There , he learned about the old temples .
0	Lisa was so excited that she could spend the day at home .	Her mom told her that school was cancelled for today .
1	He took pictures of everything .	One day he discovered that he took a picture of a crime .
1	She chose red for the color .	The spa workers gave her a great manicure .
0	He jumped up after the first bite for a glass of water .	She had a salad first , so he started eating the chili before her .
1	When the door was open , a bird flew in .	The bird freaked out and began flying all over .
1	He walked around the house trying to find the source .	For some reason , he could n't locate it .
0	All of a sudden his car started giving him a warning .	He rushed through traffic .
0	HE paid a tour guide for a tour .	He thought it would be a lot of fun .
1	Alas , he had to go to Malaysia .	He tried to hire a boat .
0	He started to cry .	He fell and hurt his knee .
1	Luckily she was able to get the smoke out .	Unfortunate however her cookies were burnt .
0	And her neighbors were playing a terrible song .	She could no longer enjoy what she was listening to .
1	One of the baseball players hit the ball straight at them .	John caught the ball !
0	That person was a famous actor , and they both apologized .	Unexpectedly she bumped into someone .
1	He started a second job just to be able to get by .	He worked on weekdays for his primary job .
0	No one in the audience laughed at this story .	He began to tell a funny story about his past .
1	The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies .	Carter loved the party .
0	She planted them and watched her flowers spring up !	There , she bought flower bulbs .
1	They decided to drive for a whole day and see where they ended up .	They took a lot of photos along the way .
1	We made it an exclusive group .	We ended up doing this once a week .
1	She tried some methods online , but none worked .	Finally , she tried ordering a new battery online .
1	Willard seeks health through foods .	He knows they 're good for him if they have the right label .
1	He restocked items .	He hated his job , and wanted to quit .
1	Tina is a beautiful administrative assistant .	She flaunts her beauty in front of her married boss .
1	On his first day he had many clients .	Mason was sure his business would be a success .
0	Her dog is a playful pup .	I threw her a rope and she chased it .
1	Although its red color is fading , he loves his hat .	One day , in a rush , he forgets his hat on the subway .
1	The police found me and arrested me at a gas station .	I ended up going home and finishing school .
1	He stepped out of his comfort zone and added fruit to his cereal .	His mother rolled her eyes , since it was still the same breakfast .
1	Her friends tried everything to make her happy .	On the night of her birthday , they told her to get dressed up .
0	He loved speeding in it everywhere .	Trevor has a fast car that he bought recently .
0	So Kurt started playing the it whenever he had free time .	Kurt 's older brother told him that he only needed practice .
0	I was amused by this crazy cat .	She wanted me to get my wife to feed her .
0	There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before .	She was watching cable at her Uncle Frank 's house .
0	He always bragged about getting the best test scores .	Mike thought he was the smartest person in his class .
0	Tom purchased a large bottle of water .	Tom was a very healthy guy .
0	Then , in the fall , the vibes began to droop with round orbs .	She tried growing an apple tree , but the vibes covered that too .
0	He dropped a forty-five pound plate on his foot .	Ben was working out yesterday .
0	She went back to take the test .	That weekend she practiced how to parallel park .
0	One year they bought a vacation house on the beach .	The Renose family loved to go on vacation every year .
0	She found out after she started dinner .	Her husband was in a car accident .
1	David was excited when his parents bought him a chemistry set .	He loved doing experiments in the basement .
0	Sam went to an interview and got the job .	After looking in the newspaper , he found a job offer as a salesman .
1	She was given a black lab to look after .	She took care of the lab every day .
1	My sister in law broke her ankle one year .	She had a bipolar husband .
1	Then , a park guard yelled at him .	He got a warning for littering in the park .
0	That day Sam gained a whole pound of salami weight !	Sam waited until she left the house and devoured it whole !
0	Susan still hopes her prince will find her again someday .	Sadly , she lost touch with him when she went broke .
0	As he did , something hit him in the back of the head .	Terence laughed and turned around to walk away .
1	Steve was the best baseball player at his school .	The coach would beg him every year to play for the team .
0	The next day , Amanda was the only person to get an A on the test .	All of her classmates went to the concert and had a great time .
1	Last year , we went to the Ozarks .	We took our camper and stayed in a campground .
1	They talked for a few minutes and walked away .	When Kenya got home , she began crying .
1	A woman took a book out of the library .	The author was her cousin , so she was excited .
1	Jason did n't like cats .	Jason 's girlfriend owned a grumpy cat .
0	His kitten bit him on the thumb .	He started to pet his kitten on its head .
1	But when she was finished , the cookies were burnt and misshapen .	In spite of that , Betty was determined she would learn to bake .
0	He decided to go out of his way to meet new people , he became happier .	The book said a man 's quality of life is determined by sociability .
0	One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers .	My nephew 's wife works in a bank .
0	The ad was about ten rare diseases that would gross out anyone .	While watching a movie online , he saw an ad that demanded attention .
1	Allan is the pastor of the First Baptist Church in his town .	He loves Sunday morning worship services in the main sanctuary .
0	He decided to learn Farsi to feel closer to his people .	Jay was Iranian and proud of his heritage .
0	Amanda talked about the product with her doctor .	Recently , Amanda heard of a product that could help with her sickness .
1	As she made her way through the produce section , she spotted a dog .	Phoebe was confused by the loose dog in the store .
0	Noah was worried he would not be ready for the meet .	The week of Easter they cancelled track on Monday evening .
0	Karen screamed when the players retired and she won the jackpot .	She anxiously awaited to see if the other players were still in .
1	A tow truck was called to a lake .	The tow truck drive , Jim , got there and looked for the car .
0	While he was walking around he heard someone shout out to him .	He went to Denali national park .
0	The hospital reimbursed me for a new one .	It was broken by hospital staff during a stay there .
1	Oliver felt like he 'd spent hours unwrapping caramels .	But it would be worth his time and effort .
0	She was very nervous about the written test .	Last week Jenny took her driver 's test .
0	He was excited he did n't have to get groceries for a while .	Rob had a lot of Thanksgiving leftovers .
0	Suddenly the light went out .	We walked around with a flashlight for a couple minutes .
0	When Marty went to the store the angel was already gone .	She had an appointment and could not buy it right then .
1	They wanted it back with interest .	He could not keep up .
1	He knocked on his brother Dan 's door to show him the toy .	When Dan opened the door Jake began to spray him with silly string .
0	The coach had them practicing twice a day to prepare .	A game with their biggest rivals was coming up .
0	Danny was relieved	His house ended up being fine
0	Chris made the soccer team !	When he went to tryouts he did a great job .
1	This eagle represented America and was called Uncle Sam .	The eagle then attacked Donald .
0	The front desk worker greeted her .	Ianna walked into the bookstore .
0	A large blue whale breached the water before Kathy 's eyes .	Finally the captain made a motion for everyone to look to the horizon .
0	Her mother baked Ana a chocolate birthday cake .	She was turning 2 Years old !
1	The team made lots of touchdowns during the game .	The players danced on the field when they scored a touchdown .
1	When she woke up the next day , she knew it would be a hard one .	She was so tired and she struggled to focus .
1	At the diner there was a new menu for specials printed daily .	Jan the waitress looked it over quickly and tried to remember it .
0	Freddy now cruises around town in his new truck .	Freddy bought the truck immediately .
1	I 'm not sure how we are ever suppose to get hooked on a series .	I wrote a letter the the network venting my frustration .
0	The weather cleared up and they left the park .	When a thunderstorm occurred , they decided to stay in a pavilion .
0	The guitar had once belonged to Elvis Presley .	He asked his manager to buy a guitar for him .
0	When the text was sent , it went to my mom instead .	I tried writing a mean text to send to her .
1	Joshi decided to study buddhism every day and meditate .	He studied and meditated for twenty years .
1	While he was out fishing , a storm came up .	He hid in the cabin of his boat while the storm tossed it to and fro .
0	They voted on a new place and chose the beach .	This year they want to go somewhere else .
0	He patted my dog and then introduced himself .	I met a great guy at the dog park .
1	Ralph noticed his dog 's start to pace nervously .	He knew this could be one of two things .
0	She has never changed a tire before and did n't know how .	Lucy was driving down the street when she got a flat tire .
1	She was a very small girl .	One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake .
0	He needed to get his couch through the door .	Tanner was moving into a new home .
0	Carrie decided to also feed the friendly crab as well .	One day , Carrie saw a small crab on the beach .
1	Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp .	Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball .
0	She drove to the town where the interview was in .	Kelly had an important interview .
0	I learned to take better care of myself next time .	I spent most of the trip in bed .
1	She was so excited as Dad helped her plant them in several pots .	Missy was disappointed when she learned it could take several days .
0	He had little experience but was eager .	Jack was a rookie on his baseball team .
1	He decided to experiment with another male .	He got drunk , invited over a gay friend and made out with him .
0	He could never decide on where to eat .	However his girlfriend was vegan .
1	Finally he finds it easier to fall asleep .	Frank is very happy that he can sleep more easily .
0	They managed to fire up the airbox for him .	A visiting pastor asked if he might play it .
0	Jon never tried to exercise with Mary again .	Mary texted Jon saying she forgot about the class and apologized .
1	Shawn realized that he must go to class if he wants to pass .	Shawn started going to class and he passed all of his finals .
0	Rico realized later that he grabbed the wrong bag .	Rico wanted the ham sandwich , so he grabbed that bag .
0	She ended up being sick the rest of the day .	When she arrived home later she began to feel sick to her stomach .
1	During the speech she threw up in her mouth .	She swallowed it and barely finished the speech .
1	One day a girl named Wendy stood up for him .	Ten Years later Kevin and Wendy got married .
1	Her friend told her there was a great club that met on Sunday morning .	Em was torn : it sounded fun , but should she miss church ?
0	Tina wisely decided to go work on a different road .	The accident was one mile ahead of where she was .
0	But , finally , he had a flash of inspiration .	Nothing was coming to him today .
1	Jimmy reeled in a big catfish !	Jimmy took the catfish home .
1	He offered to take the report card to his mother instead .	To his dismay he was told the cards were mailed the day before .
1	Tonight we had pizza for dinner .	It was a Sicilian style pie .
1	Sally went to the pet store the other day .	She was going to get a fish .
0	Sandy cowered in fear because no one ever stood up to her .	Sandra was a much bigger girl and took no prisoners .
0	He brought great happiness to his whole family .	His parents was very proud .
1	She bought all the ingredients .	She followed the recipe .
0	His workers all called to say they could n't make it to the store .	There had been a big storm and snow was blocking the roads .
1	He ran out of milk though .	He went to the store and bought some milk .
1	I was on vacation in colorado .	I went to the snowboarding hill .
0	He tore the letter in half and threw it on the ground .	As soon as he saw this , Jay began to feel ill .
1	One day , Loki lost his favorite Teddy bear .	Antonela found Loki 's Teddy bear and gave it back to him .
0	Amy happily thanked the repair man , and drove to work .	The repairman arrived and changed the tire .
1	Bill was one of the first people in line to buy the new iPhone .	He stood in line for three hours before the store opened .
0	After I got home , I got a text from her .	I decided to agree with what she says and listened to her patiently .
1	Lizzy met a new friend in biology class .	They plan to meet at the library to study .
1	There , his skin got much better .	He came back a new man .
1	Mia had no allergic reaction at all !	She realized she must have outgrown her allergy .
0	The next day we woke to a dull roar .	We finished unpacking boxes while it continued to pour .
1	Missy put the names in a hat and selected one at random .	The name she pulled out is what they named the family 's new pet .
0	Allie was disappointed .	Unfortunately they started to rip .
0	When I return home she greets me with a smile and wagging tail .	Everytime I leave the house Shiloh misses me very much .
0	When Bruce got to the classroom he was surprised to find it empty .	He ran across campus as quickly as he could .
0	He seen a dark item on the road .	The boy was walking up the street .
1	In the Spring she will sometimes wear a coat .	But the next winter she thinks she does not need one .
0	Due to her behavior , the security guards came .	She flirted with any man in sight and was asking for free drinks .
1	Peter and Jake were eating pizza .	Peter left without paying .
1	Tom was a college student .	Tom was a computer science major .
1	I forgot to bring a plastic bag to pick up the poop .	I just left it there , and continued to the dog park .
0	They stared at the stars for a couple hours .	Michelle and her friends set up a blanket outside to look at stars .
0	He told me once I got better that I could play with him .	He would always play , but I was never included .
1	Hot coffee splashed onto her leg .	Fortunately she was wearing long pants .
1	Chad ran with the basketball .	The opponent came charging at him .
1	They were stuck so long the fireworks began to go off ahead of them .	Lucy rolled down the window , stuck out her head and watched .
0	He went outside and started rolling snow .	Lewy wanted to build a snowman .
1	John is very funny .	When we first met he said he his oven self cleaned .
0	It was a Monday , so he had to go to school .	Yesterday was Mark 's birthday .
1	The man did n't pay the contractor for months .	The contractor decided to get revenge .
1	Sam came home from the war , and something was n't right .	He spent day after day with his wife and son , and could n't relax .
0	They held hands and tried to summon some spirits .	Several friends came over and they lit some candles .
0	But she could n't keep up with the other runners !	Cora wanted to get in shape , so she joined her school 's track team .
0	She wiped what sand there was on her face , and left the bathroom .	This somehow comforted her .
0	I leaned over and kissed her lips .	We were hanging out in a secluded room .
0	Jan bought a plane ticket to Paris .	She saved up money for two Year 's .
0	I changed my mind because I could not rob anything or anyone .	The day of the robbery I got sick and away from the currency exchange .
0	By the end of the week there were few onions left .	All week the restaurant featured many onion specials .
1	The ended up with a very complex handshake .	It was hard for the friends to remember .
0	All of the liquid spilled on my sandwich .	As soon as he tried putting mayonnaise on it , the bottle broke .
1	She fell on the floor and was n't able to get up .	I had to take her to the hospital .
1	Sammy had recently inherited a large sum of money .	She decided to invest her money into the stock market .
1	Sally was staying with her grandmother on the farm .	She opened the fridge to see there was no milk for her breakfast .
0	However , they hit the sewer line .	They were digging around the water line .
0	Amy was upset they did n't make a shade in her color .	The lady told Amy the shades they had were the only ones .
1	It was worth millions of dollars .	I decided to murder her so I could get the money .
0	The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas .	Brandon and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions .
1	I brought in the house and gave it a bath .	It had no collar .
0	When they were done they both had a good laugh .	He hummed along with the man as he finished the song .
1	However , she only asked me questions about myself .	When I decided to ask , she barely had anything to say .
1	They all wanted to battle him in the game .	The teacher got angry .
1	Tom rented a jet ski .	Tom had a lot of fun on the jet ski .
0	Dan was able to save money .	He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood .
0	We had some margaritas that were great too .	We ordered the tableside guac which was amazing .
0	His father taught him from an early age that working hard is important	Tomas is the oldest of a family of eight siblings .
0	Megan explained that she could n't read , so the teacher wanted to help .	A school teacher passed by and noticed she was struggling .
1	He went to school the next day confident he would pass .	He passed the exam and was very happy .
1	One time my parents took me to the beach and I seen lizards all over .	When I became a teenager my parents bought me a lizard .
1	I went to the boardwalk to play some games .	I found an antique claw machine .
1	Sam climbed over the fence to get the ball .	Joe was more careful with the ball after that .
0	He reached into his pocket and discovered his wallet was missing .	Todd brought the cookies to the register .
1	All 12 kids , the cake , presents , my parents , and a dog fit in the back .	When I grew up , and had a family of my own , I bought a Suburban .
0	One day they tell her she needs to start wearing deodorant .	However , her students notice that she has bad body odor .
0	To thank Mark , his dad decided to buy him tickets to go to a game .	Mark 's dad had noticed he was helping his mother a lot with chores .
1	Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes .	Amy sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids .
0	He decides to make an igloo .	Jason wants to play in the snow .
1	Sandy cooked a big breakfast for her husband .	Sandy told her husband to be careful because the grits were very hot .
0	When the time came , he ate 5 full plates of food .	He looked forward to stuffing his face .
1	Mary said yes !	Chris and Mary went to the concert together .
0	They met at the park .	They decided to play basketball .
1	Ronald was a bit nervous because his dog has run off once .	He kept an eye on him most of the time .
1	She had all her friends over .	This morning though , she realized she had a test .
1	She had a hard time getting past the grief .	Her friend called and said she was taking Lucy out for a surprise .
1	Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it .	Her mother told her she could have it and use it .
1	Her mother noticed that there was lots of dust in her room .	So Jen used a duster to clean as much of it as she could .
0	Their first stop was in Georgia to see their uncle Frank .	The Jones family decided to take a road trip this year for Christmas .
1	He also read a lot of cookbooks .	Fortunately , he graduated from cooking classes as the # 1 student .
0	Finally he bit into his choice and had a terrible surprise .	He would squeeze , look and evaluate .
0	He broke the piggy bank to get the change .	Eventually he was able to save up for a new book .
0	He accidentally pointed one at a friend .	He did n't know much about them .
0	His company struggles to develop new products .	Harry works as a senior manager .
0	Gina had to drive 3 blocks out of her way to get around it .	But one of the streets was closed .
0	But John blocked it with malice .	James shot the ball thinking he 'd make it .
0	Amy was so excited she barely paid attention .	Amy 's coach was giving a pep talk before the game .
1	Jasper realizes there is no food at his house .	He decides to go out to get some fried chicken .
0	Dr Melgar said it is a low dose and would recommend it .	I asked the doctor if it was safe for my daughter .
1	I had the opportunity to play Twister .	In addition , all of us went ice skating late at night .
1	Ronnie procrastinated his essay .	He could n't concentrate .
1	I was in prison .	I decided to change my life .
0	Afterwards she came back to check her clothes .	She left the store and grabbed lunch .
0	The girls competed against each other .	Kelly and her friends decided to have a hot dog contest .
1	Dennis wanted to earn money for himself .	He created his own lemonade stand .
0	As she ran , her heavy backpack bounced against her .	Sara excitedly started running toward her friend .
1	She noticed she would see spots .	She finally went to the doctor .
1	I then found out she had a roommate , or boyfriend as I call it .	I ended things and felt bad for even being involved .
0	After one nightmare , he decided to climb into his parent 's bed .	Sometimes he would be too scared to sleep alone .
1	His parents said he could sleep with them .	Bobby crawled into bed between his mom and his dad .
0	She was sad when she saw she had been given a F .	Mary had always gotten good grades in school , but failed a test .
1	While his parents were away , he drove the family car .	But he got a flat tire .
0	Fearing no consequences , she romanced a boy of low class .	She clutched her necklace and looked over the ocean contently .
1	Tomas tears his pectoral .	Tomas ca n't lift weights for 3 more months .
1	Seth quickly shrugged him off and walked past	Then suddenly Seth started to feel remorse for the man
1	He then ran into an apple tree .	Apples rained down from the branches .
1	Jonas has felt depressed that it has been very cold lately .	He decides he needs to get out of his house .
0	He had it repainted jet black .	He spent three years replacing broken or worn parts .
0	She was so surprised when she got home from work !	At home , he cooked his wife a fancy dinner .
0	He asked all his friends if they wanted to go see it .	A movie that Jared has been wanting to see came out today .
1	Donald decided to stop yelling .	He was rewarded for his good behavior .
1	It was gorgeous .	They decided to stay in and order room service and enjoy it .
0	She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how scared she was .	The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed .
1	At 5 o'clock I walked down the street toward my mail service .	A block away , a vicious snarling dog rounded the corner at me !
0	Soon she planted it in her yard .	She took it home and cared for it .
0	I ordered a spicy tuna roll , extra hot .	I went to a sushi bar last night for dinner .
1	Daddy brought home a tree house today .	We are going to build it together .
0	She knows I am so distracted !	She helps herself in the kitchen and paints her nails .
0	But the next winter she thinks she does not need one .	In the Spring she will sometimes wear a coat .
0	After checking out , Glen began the laborious long walk home .	He walked through the store and struggled getting his items .
1	John made the four mile journey on foot .	He got to work on time , but covered in embarrassing sweat marks .
1	They checked their tires and bike chains for safety .	They put on their biking gear and headed out
0	Bella had a huge party with all of her friends .	But at long last , her birthday arrived .
1	He raced to the mall .	In the mall he saw many things were out of stock .
0	After hours of messing with it she ended up without eyebrows .	She could just not put the wax on right .
1	By the end of the day she 'd bought four different bottles .	Ali had really enjoyed the vineyard tour !
0	The lady came and started cleaning .	Marsha hired a cleaning lady to clean the house .
0	As soon as she got there she felt emotional .	She decided to help out at a homeless shelter in the city .
1	Then she slipped and fell .	She snapped her ankle between two boulders .
0	And he blamed it on his heavy shoes .	Omar was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile .
1	The sedation doctor asked me a few questions .	Afterwards , he gave me some anesthesia to go to sleep .
1	Jim named his puppy James .	Jim brought James home and fed him dog treats .
0	The gum was all the sweeter for the long wait .	Several days later she got the money for the gum .
0	Tim thought hard , but could n't think of anything .	He refused to let anyone help .
1	Ian was exhausted after soccer practice .	But he needed to finish his homework .
1	He and the guide climbed for days and days .	Finally , they reached the summit of Mount Everest !
1	He was looking for her dad .	She had no idea where he was , but he was holding her up .
1	Kathy was talking on the phone when she slipped on a patch of ice .	Her phone flew out of her hand .
1	Sam was at a basketball game .	He got a soda and nachos .
1	In the middle of the park , a few gun shots got fired .	Everyone ducked in order to protect themselves .
1	Zack went on an African safari trip .	He was riding in a jeep in a field full of zebras .
1	Luna needed to name her unborn child .	She wanted to honor her grandpa George with the name .
1	He learned a lot online from free tutorials .	Tom ultimately became an adept web developer .
0	Lily was n't satisfied because her friend 's fish were much bigger .	Her mom helped Lily buy a tank and a few fish .
0	His parents just bought him a brand new bike with training wheels	Erick was in 2nd grade
1	Jacob is being bullied in school by Derek .	He talks to his parents about the situation .
1	While on vacation he was going to propose .	At dinner , he popped the question and Liz said no .
0	He would study all day .	Michael wanted to earn good grades .
1	She finally found out she won .	The feeling was amazing .
1	Cara was having a craving for chocolate .	She really did not want to go out though .
0	She had been summoned for jury duty !	Neff got a paper in the mail .
0	Two days later , he died the same day as his vet appointment .	One day , he became sick with diarrhea , vomiting and rapid breathing .
0	The only thing that worked was to pretend to be deaf !	Amy , a good person , felt forced to resort to a devious technique .
0	Betty went home and made delicious ice cream herself .	Betty ended up buying some ice , some cream , and some mint .
0	Sam was willing to fly to go there .	Sam had to take a plane to go to Disneyland .
1	One day Lola found a wagon in the middle of the block .	She went to retrieve it .
1	On his first day in New York City , he met an attractive man .	They hit it off , and it turned out they worked in adjacent buildings .
0	He came out scared of what was inside .	My dad went in first .
0	Becoming frustrated , Jenny realized she should buy an artist 's smock .	Jenny was getting sick of being drenched each time she bathed him .
0	Before Cindy left Beth 's house , Cindy 's finger was bit .	So Cindy tried to accept being around the dog .
1	He flirted with several young girls that were ordinary neighbors .	In addition , He never sends the mail directly to someone .
1	He was really scared he was going to do bad .	He had a bad feeling about his answers .
0	She got her paper and pen ready and sat at the kitchen table .	Betty needed to make her weekly shopping list .
1	He even wrote a small message with icing .	She loved the cake that Chris made for her .
1	They were riding around having fun when she noticed the gas was low .	She tried to make it back to the dock , but the gas ran out .
1	They explained the rules to him .	He threw his first horseshoe and totally missed .
1	A teammate passed Jimmy the ball .	He dribbled the ball toward the goal and made a shot !
1	Kelsi immediately took her friends inside .	Although inside , the girls still enjoyed the party .
1	He even taught her how to change a tire on a car .	One day Samantha 's tire blew while she was driving .
1	Jon tripped and fell on the grass .	He got up and limped across the field .
1	Knowing a lot about technology , Carolina aced her interview .	She was extremely excited to learn she got the job .
0	But when he and his family had dinner , the kitchen became a mess .	He was glad to see his kitchen finally cleaned .
1	I went to a used car dealership to shop for a car .	The salesman offered me a test drive .
1	He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away .	Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion .
1	I decided to apprentice in HVAC .	I was accepted as an apprentice to a HVAC union !
0	She wondered if he liked her enough to marry her .	Julie was impressed that Ricardo liked her , he was rich .
1	But when lunch time came , she got a surprise .	She had n't packed them well and now they were sticky and messy !
1	Lucy wanted to go to the pool , but her grandma would n't let her .	She told her grandma she was going to the park instead .
0	Nevertheless , Jon did not know the difference between fact and fiction .	In reality , the man was a figment of his imagination .
1	She started following a path that was littered with marbles .	Eventually Sally stopped under a big oak tree .
0	I became a vegetarian so that I would never again risk someone 's life .	I could n't believe that I made her sick .
1	A stranger grabbed her arm slowly .	She freaked out and stepped away .
1	She decided to help out at a homeless shelter in the city .	As soon as she got there she felt emotional .
1	Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place .	The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it .
1	My favorite part of summer is swimming in the pool .	I could splash around for hours .
0	He arrived and got off the plane .	He was headed to the rainy forest for the first time .
1	One morning , he noticed a pair of his underwear and socks missing .	Then his roommate walked in wearing Charles ' undergarments .
0	He was n't good enough last year , but this year 's be different !	James was trying his hardest to make the football team .
1	As he walked outside , there was loud rattling of the bushes .	A giant muskrat leaps out and scares him .
1	Soon things picked up for the store and Paul was making a profit .	Now Paul is very happy and is his own boss !
1	He packed sandwiches and drinks .	Then he packed all the kids into the van .
1	When she left , Maria noticed her bobblehead was missing .	She asked Alice if she knew what happened to the bobblehead .
0	She looked online and found some headphones she liked .	She needed something more durable .
0	When John went to the dentist , he had cavities .	He loved it alot so he tried sugar in it as well .
0	They were huge scary animals , but the trainers did a good job .	It was amazing how well they were trained .
0	She was nervous about the in person meeting .	The talked to each other every day until they could finally meet .
1	Finally , Sam was ready to leave the lot .	He pulled out and promptly fell into a ditch .
1	She decided to move to LA , and open her shop .	She opened her shop , and had 300 customers the first day .
1	He sent the book to a book publisher .	The publisher read his book and liked it .
0	Emily and her baby are very happy and snuggly without anyone else .	She still decided to leave college to have her baby .
0	He threw the old belt away and sighed in relief .	He replaced the belt and the sound went away .
1	Thomas and his friends wanted to play a game during recess .	They thought about what to play .
0	He had every type of cigar imaginable .	Grandpa had a massive cigar collection .
0	Then she looked at the calorie info on the salad dressing label .	When she stepped on a scale , Joan had actually gained weight .
0	She really wanted a new red sofa .	Her current sofa was a dark brown color .
0	Mary went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised .	She called up all of Mary 's friends and invited them over .
0	He did n't think people would watch them .	By the end of the week he had 20 videos uploaded .
0	John was out of food and water .	After many hours , he realized he was lost .
0	He looked up instructions online and wrote them down .	He decided that he would build an adobe she 'd like his grandpa did .
0	He was passing by a farm .	One day he was in a road trip .
1	Joel loved to feed the ducks .	He would collect stale bread in his neighborhood .
1	He jogged on the sidewalk , along a busy street .	He smelled jog but continued for another half hour .
0	The weather was looking perfect , but he still brought a rainy coat .	He had packed his rifle and all the camping gear he would need .
1	Her mother had made her special homemade cinnamon rolls .	She rushed downstairs to get one before her brother ate them all .
1	After two years , he became a production assistant .	Ten years after JB started as an intern , he became the director .
1	In the process , the eggs and the toast were burnt .	The breakfast was a total disaster .
1	But Kay was abashed , and she said she was much too shy !	After long thought , she found the perfect compromise .
1	However , when he gets to graduate school , he feels great .	Bill is proud that he will soon have a master 's degree .
0	He was very proud of the way it had turned out .	Jimmy worked for weeks on a sculpture .
1	He searched online for the best travel location .	Dylan found the perfect place !
1	Her friends encouraged her to make a living out of her cooking .	Wendy tried baking some goods , and selling them one day .
1	We found the best spot in the whole forest .	When we got there , we set up our tents and a fire .
0	She practiced for several hours a day to improve her skills .	Sarah was known for being an outstanding softball player .
0	Suddenly , she knocked her cup over .	She went to take a sip of water .
0	Amy was shocked she could have been blind for so long .	They were mean girls and no one liked them .
1	Janice wore her favorite purple dress to school .	She was excited to be the only girl with a fancy purple dress .
1	Anna played songs on the piano they used to play for her .	The piano in her home stayed with her as she got old .
0	One of them grabbed it .	Two children were eyeing a toy they wanted .
1	She knew once she left her parents were going to ground her .	She walked to the kitchen and found her parents at the table .
1	She went in about an hour later to check on them .	She found them putting doll clothes on her cat .
0	Then he took off into the skies with his reindeer .	He got his plane , and loaded the reindeer into it .
0	I was learning how to do the balance beam .	I took up gymnastics as a young girl .
1	I put on a nice set of clothes .	I got into my car and went on the road .
1	His mother asked her to bring cranberry sauce .	That morning , she followed a recipe she had found online .
1	We loaded our boat onto a trailer and drove to the beach .	After loading up from the dock , we took off on our boat .
0	His wore his nicest shirt and his favorite cologne .	Charlie was excited for his date with Samantha .
1	It was also Marks birthday , so he went out with friends .	He just turned 16 , but they celebrated Marks 4th birthday .
1	There was no food in the house nor did they have transportation .	Fred realized a pizza place nearby delivered .
0	She says she will look into it further .	Whenever we talk we discuss the issue .
1	The whole family came every year , packing her little trailer full .	The last year of her life , she did it all , even though she had cancer .
0	The next day Beth noticed that she did buy her own .	Beth wrote her roommate a note asking that she buys her own .
0	George spent all Sunday baking them .	He decided to bake Christmas cookies .
1	He rotely followed the commands of the tutorials .	Upon simply trying to build websites from scratch , he improved .
1	He let his boss order for him since he did n't know what to eat .	He secretly put his food in his napkin when his boss was n't looking .
0	Maria made her friends each give her five bucks for gas .	Maria needed money for gas to get there .
1	It was his fault that she had died .	He 'd been drinking away the humiliation of his day at work .
1	He would glue pennies to the sidewalk .	And trip people all the time .
0	Her mother was not happy that she did n't listen to her advice .	Gina did n't listen and all day at school Gina was cold .
0	We had not gone in years .	In 2009 my wife wanted to see the Christmas lights on Boston Common .
1	I ended up falling asleep while still tanning .	I woke up with massive sunburn all over my body .
1	They felt very comfortable after that .	Ana and her friends had a great time !
1	He stayed in bed and skipped work .	Dave switched to decaf coffee .
1	She decided to join a workforce center to seek out options .	The center had school funds available to those who qualified for it .
0	He had never grilled meat before .	Evan was manning the grill at the company picnic .
1	He wrote about its causes and effects .	And Jim learned how to manage his stress better .
0	He purchased all his textbooks and pretty much ran out of money .	Bob just started college this year and is a Zoology major .
0	Now my dog is dead .	I had to put her down .
0	He listened closely , but only heard silence .	He saw footprints in the snow and followed them to a cave .
1	They were about to board when an attendant approached them .	She let them know that first class seats had become available .
0	One day , Sarah accepted it .	But nobody wanted the gross applesauce .
1	Lidia received braces as a kid .	After getting them off , she did n't wear her retainer .
1	I was at work when I got the phone call about the World Trade Center .	I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others .
1	Larry raced after his basketball .	The river carried his basketball all the way down the stream .
0	She searched everywhere for a black bag .	Kelly was excited to get a new handbag .
0	She kept herself from eating for a week .	Amy wanted to give up chocolate for Lent .
1	He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work .	Embarrassed , he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on .
0	Frank was very upset that he missed out on this trip .	His mother refused because she had bills to pay .
1	Harry works as a senior manager .	His company struggles to develop new products .
1	Every day , he 'd take it out and turn it over in his mouth unlit .	A symbol of his strength and persistence , he always put it back after .
0	When my mom got home the laundry was not done .	I got distracted with my new video game .
0	It turns out they happily welcomed him home .	He thought his parents would be furious .
1	She calls to reschedule the interview .	They tell her they are no longer interested in hiring her .
1	During a movie night , I was craving food .	I did n't know whether I wanted pizza or chinese food .
1	As valedictorian , Jen could n't wait to give the graduation speech .	She wanted to make the speech memorable , even revolutionary .
0	Chris told his friend how he had never been to the zoo before .	Chris wanted to visit the zoo .
1	He studied the language for a year .	Lonny is now fluent in Tamil .
1	I went to the window and looked out .	A raccoon was holding a rock and hitting the door .
0	He decided to give up on a tree .	He went back home .
0	Heather feared the girl would be too cool to befriend her .	But the girl was well dressed and looked very cool .
0	She walked over and saw a dancing bear .	She noticed a crowd gathered in front of a building .
0	A boy Becky admired snorted at the story .	The teacher read the story to the class , wiping away tears .
0	Jon was a straight A student .	Tom made a new friend named Jon .
1	Tina said she would only buy a few dresses .	So Ray said he would wait for her .
0	She realized that telling lies to friends is never a good idea .	Ashley and Lauren are still good friends , and Ashley learned a lesson .
1	Was this official selling to him actually a con artist ?	The official made an allusion to needing a bribe .
0	I drove to the address and returned the wallet .	The ID inside the wallet listed a nearby address .
1	He finds a show in Vegas and enters .	Chad invites his friends to come watch him in the show .
1	But for the whole month of April , it poured rain !	Stella feared her plants would be drowned .
1	She practiced diligently to learn how to do a giant on the bars .	She was finishing her routine in an upcoming competition with a giant .
0	He went to the many temples scattered throughout the city .	There , he saw the sights .
0	The personal trainer was helpful at first .	She decided to hire a personal trainer .
0	Sally won the spree .	She received a call one day .
1	He ran into the kitchen and saw an oil fire .	He remembered to smother it instead of using water .
0	She called in to work , took the day off and built a snowman instead !	It had snowed overnight and her car was buried up to the door handle .
0	I found it rather boring .	The Captain was on a tight schedule .
1	He then realized it was much too big for the kitchen cupboards .	Tim was too lazy to return the dishwasher .
0	After several minutes , a bee flew in my direction .	I went to my backyard to ride on the swings .
1	Her mom thought she had a fever .	She decided to let her stay home .
0	She hired workers to redo her kitchen .	She wanted a marble finish on it .
0	He went to the grocery store .	Greg went out to take a walk
0	My dog Ginger grabbed my Aunt 's pants and pulled her to where Max was .	We may never have found him at all except for the help we got .
1	At dinnertime , she came downstairs dressed in a clown suit .	I grounded her .
1	Her friends and family tell her that volleyball is not ladylike .	However , she persists in following her dream .
1	Their server spilled a drink on the couple 's table .	Pat 's food came out undercooked .
0	She quickly realized that she could ride the bus to work so she did .	Jessica started to panic .
0	He begged his mom if she 'd buy him a pair .	All of the cool kids had them .
1	Sure enough she was made fun of by a group of girls .	To Jenny 's surprise her teacher saw and stood up for her .
1	Hector took a wrong turn .	Alex was never able to get to the forest .
1	Ty wanted a pet for his birthday .	But his parents only handed him a little box as a gift .
0	Joe gave his daughter everything he had because he loved her so much .	Joe lived two houses down with his adopted daughter .
0	He noticed he was being followed , by who or what , he did n't know .	He wandered through the barren streets of Chicago at night .
0	The teacher announced Angie got the most words of anyone .	Angie racked her brain , working hard to win the prize .
0	In December , I had to sell cookies at the school Christmas Bazaar .	The school made the parents work at functions .
1	I ended up breaking it in multiple places and called 911 .	I went to the hospital and got properly treated .
0	Then her mom offered a solution .	But she had no money !
0	Although it was a long flight , it was tolerable by flying first class .	We went to Hawaii on our honeymoon .
1	Gina was determined to prove she had changed .	She focused on her schoolwork and avoided trouble the whole time .
1	He wins 3 more times , and then enters a losing streak .	Eric keeps betting hoping to get his money back .
1	My mother welcomes me with a big hug .	I see everyone gathered in the kitchen .
0	She put it on her car roof while fishing for her keys .	It was delicious and refreshing and she could n't wait to finish it .
0	Ali told her teacher of her fears .	Now she feared a bully would ruin her trip .
0	And I told her the curfew applied to games as well as people .	I told her that she still had a nine-o'clock curfew .
0	And people did n't laugh - they cheered and applauded !	But her mom convinced her to appear anyways .
0	Prima was delighted with how the courtship was going .	They had a proper chat and he promised to call her again .
0	But when the races started that year , a girl named Lisa won the race .	Joe practiced constantly , striving to be the best .
1	It made my work almost impossible .	Eventually I had to quit .
1	His mom went to work with rubber bands and dye .	She made him a better tie dye shirt than any in stores !
0	He decided to use lard .	Unfortunately , he did not have cooking oil .
0	I decided to make a counter by offering $ 5000 .	His first offer was $ 4000 dollars and someone accepted .
1	My friend had some fondue and stopped because he felt bad .	He asked if there was wine in the fondue because he was allergic .
1	He got a call from his girlfriend , asking where he was .	Frank suddenly realized he had a date that night .
0	Steph was disappointed .	Her cousin got sick his first day here .
1	He put in random spices from his cabinet .	However a mouse jumped into the soup .
1	Mike cleaned up the mess .	By the time the floor was clean , the pan was ready .
0	The scientist 's hard work was able to help save many lives .	Then , he stumbled upon a cure .
0	When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store .	She saved her money for a long time .
0	Yesterday I felt lazy and decided to stay in all day .	One of my guilty pleasures is watching reality tv .
1	He joined the army .	They trained him to be a medic .
0	She had to be taken into the hospital to have emergency surgery !	She drank so much soda that her teeth began to rot !
1	I ran to catch the bus for work .	Unfortunately , I just missed the bus and did n't have a car .
0	He borrowed money from a friend for lunch .	He looked all around his office , to no avail .
1	One day , Dan let his dog out in the back yard .	He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was .
1	I used to work at a school	A traveling zoo came one day to show their animals .
1	She forgot about them after the chaos of the visit .	Later , when she went to preheat the oven , they all melted !
0	Her mother suggested she eat and drink lots of water .	Amy had heart palpitations after a lot of caffeine .
0	Rita told us she would not date interracially because of her father .	Estelle is a 40 year old black woman and Steve is white .
0	He called out his biggest bully to a fight .	Tim was tired of being bullied at school .
1	Tanya was trying to communicate with Khan .	He did n't hear her at all since he was wearing his headphones .
1	She did n't find any , to her dismay .	Jude decided she should have a healthier snack anyway .
0	However she could n't find her plane ticket anywhere .	She reached into her pockets .
1	She was lonely being by herself .	She called up her mother .
1	Yet Kelly had been sick .	She really needed an extension .
0	The phone ended up smashing and it was unfortunate .	I took it with me into the bathroom and it fell on the tile .
1	Everyone thought it was funny	I was still ashamed but not nearly as much .
0	They decided to try jumping on it from the roof .	Bree and her friends were playing on her trampoline .
0	At first he could bench only forty pounds .	Ben wanted to be a weightlifter .
0	His guide explained that it was quicksand !	Ben asked what it was .
0	But on Christmas morning , he got a tiny white kitten !	Jim tried to brace for disappointment .
0	One day Andy asked his friend to play sudoku with him	Andy was a very clever boy who loves to play games
0	Hannah found a company that would pay her for secret shopping trips .	Christmas was coming and there were presents to buy .
0	This house was of ill fame .	There once was a house on Coconut Grove .
1	So Dad gives him a blanket and tells him that it 's a magic blanket .	Sam believes that he is protected by the blanket and he sleeps well .
0	After finding something to wear , Dan drove to the club .	Dan decided he would go to a local night club .
0	She was so tired and she struggled to focus .	When she woke up the next day , she knew it would be a hard one .
1	She thought she would n't be able to attend , but then she got a note .	It was from the quarterback , and it invited her to be his prom date !
1	His wife did not like steak .	Josh wanted to get a good steak .
1	Carly decided to cancel the concert .	She promised her fans another one once she felt better .
1	Sure enough , he was stopped by the police .	They police arrested Bob and sent him to jail .
0	Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later .	After a month , Sara never gained weight and felt less healthy .
1	Afterwards , she planted the trees in the holes .	She watered them and cared for them until they grew big .
0	At first Ava did n't like it .	Ava 's parents got a new puppy .
1	One day her teacher said everyone who did homework would get candy .	She went home and made sure she did her best job on it .
0	Lucy had n't anticipated grandpa taking a nap after church .	Once changed she ran to the car to wait for grandpa .
1	He quickly realized that she was amazing .	Frank asked her out on a date .
0	John started cramming for the exam .	He had not studied one bit for this exam .
1	One day she had gambled a lot of money .	She ended up winning a lot of money !
0	He went home and changed his clothes , then went to the bar .	He decided to blow off some steam when he got off .
1	He hated the ritual though , feeling it was tedious and unnecessary .	So the day he found his trainer was absent , he saw an opportunity .
1	The line was very long .	I waited and waited until it was my turn .
0	When I tried one , I loved them !	She also ordered honey barbecue wings .
0	I decided to call a few companies .	I needed to get insurance .
0	Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block .	She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life .
0	When they were leaving his friend asked him to drive .	He drank a lot of beers and shots while he was out .
0	Lucy was upset that her grandma had no faith in her .	Grandma suggested they start with something easier .
1	Grandpa had a massive cigar collection .	He had every type of cigar imaginable .
0	There are a number of sites that sell these fake jerseys .	What he did n't know was many of those jerseys are fake .
1	Nate is starting to feel a little better and want to go play .	Nate must rest one more day before he can play outside .
1	He has to drive back home in order to get money .	Finally he returns to the store with money to buy the shampoo .
0	I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes , and nothing .	It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there .
1	Her boyfriend had done the same .	They had a lot to eat .
1	After it was restored she put it in a box and wrapped it .	She gave it to her dad for his birthday and he was happy .
1	I positioned my legs on the petals and rode off .	I stumbled a couple of times however , I rode smoothly afterwards .
0	A neighbor called with some juicy gossip .	That evening , the phone rang .
0	He finished the tree by placing the star on the top .	One by one , he hung all of them on the tree .
0	It gives me time to think and meditate .	I love mowing the lawn .
1	When she was seen by the doctor , her blood pressure was taken .	Her blood pressure was markedly higher than on previous visits .
0	He read that he was now an Earl !	Sam read on , curious and thrilled .
0	I was a night school grad student .	I did not drink beer until I was 26 .
1	But it took 15 more minutes for his sister to get out .	Ian ran into the bathroom so quickly that he slipped on the floor .
0	Larry had a great time on the lake .	Everyone showed up .
0	The dog show came on the television .	He started to watch the television .
0	Kay placed a flyer on the board at work in the break room .	Although she loved the cute kittens she did n't have room for them .
1	Things seemed boring and quiet .	Amanda decided to surprise her friends with popcorn .
0	They told her this every day .	Jessica 's friends were sure she would like kale .
1	The bull tried to buck me off many times .	I was able to ride the bull for eight seconds .
1	She laid out her towel on the sand and laid down under the sun .	However , she was so comfortable that she fell asleep .
1	The dog 's legs began to twitch .	Chad did n't understand why the animal moved while sleeping .
0	Dave tried to find the source of the water .	He stepped in a puddle and stopped .
1	The mother said he could wait .	The boy proved her wrong by wetting himself .
0	Amy had to walk around the rest of the day with a stained shirt on .	Amy spilled half the soda down her white shirt and on her pants .
1	Larry noticed that his faucet was n't working .	So he tried to fix it himself .
1	Amy and Beth were fighting and no longer speaking .	Amy was upset with Beth for being dishonest and sneaky .
0	He immediately began a daily workout regimen with the weights .	So he went to the store to buy some weights .
1	Bob needed a haircut .	He decided to go to the salon .
1	One day , Greg goes home and finds his mom bought a dog .	Greg and the dog become best friends !
0	And people admired his landscape paintings .	And others watched him paint .
0	Then they requested soda , but she insisted her guest deserved better .	They asked for hot chocolate , but the container of cocoa was empty .
0	Gina was in the house , unaware .	Ants were all over the sticky mess .
0	After I made it to the other side of the country , I went to the beach .	I left my son and girlfriend late in the fall of 1978 .
0	He was deployed to a foreign country to keep the peace .	Jack was a marine .
0	Norma is glad that she has improved her eating habits .	She is surprised with how much better she starts to feel .
1	When she got the playlist , she was very happy .	It cheered her up to know I had thought of her when I made it .
0	He decided to sell his gold ring .	He needed to make some money fast .
1	She decided to ask her mother to buy it .	But her mom did n't want to spend any money .
1	Bryan was trying to do his homework , but his dogs were barking .	His dogs were hungry and they had no food .
1	She had been ignoring him first , but this was unexpected .	She walked home slowly reveling in her pain .
1	She decided to open up an ice cream shop .	She gives her customers many options .
0	He placed his water bill in the mailbox and taken my the mailman .	Jared was going through his pile of bills .
1	He began to walk around town looking for some sort of employment	He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes then went home .
0	The store 's electricity went out which had caused the vegetables to go bad .	Everything was fine until an unforeseen accident occurred .
0	Then they went with their aunt to museums and zoos .	First they took a train to a distant city .
0	She checked the time and realized she had overslept for her exam !	When Monday came around Janet woke up to the sound of her phone .
1	Keith 's parents were taking him to Disneyland .	They told him to go pee before the three hour drive .
0	We went to the Apple store , to Home Depot , we went everywhere .	We had to decide the color for our product by tonight .
0	That game really made her work up a sweat .	So she started to play Dance Dance revolution every day .
1	I love the game of baseball .	I go to see games any time I get the chance .
1	He then became good friends with Pam .	The two were married a few years later .
1	Zippy 's owner abandoned him one day .	Zippy was very lonely and hungry .
0	She had a class with a cool boy named Duane .	Gina was in the 9th grade .
1	I looked at him as he reached for my hand .	He was my husband now .
1	Jeff brought his kids to the beach one morning .	They played in the water , despite dark clouds approaching .
0	Suddenly , Sophia had the ball and decided to try for a goal .	The team had been losing and the game was almost over .
0	So she got a second job .	She started to have a difficult time in paying her bills every month .
1	He did n't quite know how to use it .	He talked to his grandchildren about it .
1	But she was nervous to try out , fearing rejection .	Then her mom encouraged her to give it a shot .
1	Texas was leading the entire 4th quarter .	In the final seconds , Michigan 's quarterback threw a huge pass .
1	My friends and I went to a bar .	There was an overly drunk man causing ruckus .
1	Sam cuts open a tomato , to find many seeds .	Sam plants the seed in a pot .
0	Later , Jim picked Michaela up for their date .	He asked her out and they made plans .
0	I was confused by the variety of remedies available .	I was n't sure what kind of medicine I should take for my cold .
0	I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my fridge .	I 'm starting to think that I should n't go to bed hungry .
1	Daniel left his money in his room .	The store owner gave Daniel a bag of chips .
1	Just then , they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed .	Mark got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight !
1	She hoped it would hurry up and snow !	Finally one Sunday morning she awoke to a snowy day .
0	He has all the sets from his childhood .	Todd has a bunch of legos to play with .
1	Her mother told her it was dangerous but she kept doing it .	One day her mother told her to stop so she does n't get hurt .
1	Shelly , a white woman , told us she would never date a black man .	Shelly said it was because of her 80 year old father 's wishes .
1	But she was not a good girl this year .	And she knew this deep down .
1	The large old church was like a maze .	She pushed open a set of large double doors .
1	The teacher tried to make class interesting .	Joe still fell asleep everyday .
1	So Roxy decides to cut 10 inches off all by herself .	Her hair is now to her hips .
1	His mother refused because she had bills to pay .	Frank was very upset that he missed out on this trip .
0	The immigrant bought the woman 's house under odd circumstances .	The book is about an American woman fighting an Iranian immigrant .
0	Our granddaughter always pets the turtle when she sees it .	I think the Chinese view turtles as symbols of prosperity .
0	So did the bouncer as he kicked me out .	The bartender agreed with my friends .
1	Maribel checked outside for the fifth time .	She looked up and down the street frantically .
1	It began flying through his house , scaring everyone .	Suddenly , it stopped on his sister and pooped .
1	He tries to collect at least one every day .	Today , he could not find one .
0	May did n't believe him but he swore it was n't his fault .	He said he did n't know how the vase fell and broke .
0	We hiked down into a canyon .	My friend Dan and I went to the park .
1	The bear scared my dog and I .	I yelled and my dog barked at the bear .
1	The instructor gave Lina an arrow .	He told her to take the first shot and she did .
0	He asked me to marry him , I said No .	I went into the exhibit with Benjamin .
0	We made it out and were glad we experienced the maze together .	We ended up lost in the maize for two hours .
0	She had a very relaxing and comfortable experience .	Lisa had never had acupuncture and was nervous , but decided to go .
1	At the shoe store I ask the clerk for help .	I bought the brand she recommended .
1	Kay was losing patience with her dog 's disobedience .	She could n't control his aggressiveness and excessive barking .
0	Music was his favorite class of the day .	Wayne loved music .
1	She was nasty and demanding to the staff .	They still provided her with the best service they could .
0	After a nice meal we realized neither had money .	We decided to go out for dinner .
1	It heated the bread for several minutes in order to toast it .	I had difficulty taking out the bread since it was stuck .
1	Joy was taking out her trash when she heard the tiniest of sounds .	A very young kitten lay on the ground , just a few feet away .
1	My aunt 's power got knocked out .	Her pipes froze too .
1	All of a sudden a bolt of lightning hit a tree about 50 yards away .	There was a loud crack .
1	I called the Otterbox company about my broken phone case .	I made my call after work Monday night .
0	Another driver stopped by his car .	He had to wait for help for several hours .
0	She declined , she did n't want a snack to ruin her appetite .	Her mother suggested she eat a snack .
1	Pam 's smart phone was malfunctioning .	She went to the store where she bought her phone .
1	They were on sale for 10 cents per toothbrush .	They were so cheap that Steve bought 8 toothbrushes .
0	He never hit a homerun playing baseball .	Tim was sad .
0	After the war , Anna adopted the girl as her own .	Anna hid her in the basement when the Nazis searched her house .
0	Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan .	He went through many options .
0	She called her up .	She remembered that she had n't seen her best friend in a long time .
0	Her friend Beth was on the phone for her .	Amy was awakened by her mother .
0	Drea felt betrayed that Gina chose to go to North High .	Gina was on the phone with her friend Drea .
0	When he finally bought his sneakers , he was so excited .	He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money .
0	She begged for silence .	It is always so loud no matter which room she hides in .
0	One day the bird started to fight back .	Including a pet bird Tim had .
0	Somehow he made it back home .	He started running in a certain direction .
1	Juan worked out in the fields .	One day he spotted a small rabbit .
0	When her pals begged , Becky let them each keep a rock .	She showed them her dad 's prized collection of rocks .
1	At home , Edward followed the recipe to make lasagna .	Edward enjoyed the lasagna dinner that he had cooked himself .
1	Cal was half-awake as he stumbled into his kitchen .	He 'd started a pot of coffee which was now done .
0	He crashed on the road but he was not hurt bad .	Greg flew over the handlebars of his bike .
1	He prided himself on being able to outrun a dog .	Tom was tired at the end of a run and got bit by a dog .
0	She drove up to the rebuild site last week .	She is on a project to rebuild transit buses .
1	Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at the store .	Kevin called the store and agreed to pick them up later .
0	I saw a kiwi .	I decided to go to the fruit market .
0	He asked his parents for advice .	Tom was considering playing football in high school .
1	Sam always let his dog out on the yard .	One day it ran into the street .
1	He tried for a year to break into the market .	He ended up failing and close his doors a year later .
1	They tried two of the original New York pizza parlors .	The girls loved the pizza at both parlors .
0	They watched as she crept in through the broken window .	Laughing nervously , she said she would go .
1	She kept practicing until she got the motion down .	Alice kicked the corner in the game that led to the winning header .
0	She would walk for hours at at time .	Kia loved to take walks .
0	She was excited to play in the waves .	It was her first time ever !
1	It was a hot summer day and the stand became busy .	Later , Teresa 's kids ran into the house happy and excited .
0	We would go around selling them to neighbors .	Our grade school made us sell chocolate bars .
0	But his friends wanted to go to a restaurant that served food live .	He also did n't particularly want to !
1	The man laughed as he destroyed the targets .	When he was out of targets he shut off the hose .
0	The hippos ate everything they could find .	The hippos were very hungry .
1	She has placed it in different places .	She has put small items under some of the legs .
0	Mike has to have surgery for his ulcer .	He got an ulcer due to his anxiety .
0	She watched the whole thing one night .	Maggie was excited to watch it .
1	He was a natural leader of men .	An underling poisoned half the people in the state with bad water .
1	She waited in a long line to get her ticket .	When she made it to the front she asked for the movie .
1	He had to search for the phone .	Once he found it , he made the phone call .
1	Beth was returning to school after being sick for a week .	She felt better was was still nervous .
0	Her friend Ann took her to a sushi restaurant .	She was n't sure she liked the idea of eating raw fish .
0	Pushing the textbook away from her , she rubbed her eyes wearily .	She wondered for the millionth time why programming was so hard .
1	They carefully construct their travel budget .	Eventually , they decide to conserve money and drive to a nearby city .
1	The next morning , he saw sign for a lost cat , including a reward .	Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night .
0	When Dan asked for the book back , his friend could not find it .	Recently , Dan allowed his best friend to borrow a comic book .
0	She took off her glasses , which made them feel better .	Angel was sitting at her computer desk when her eyes started to hurt .
1	The dog jumped right in .	I brought him home and posted his picture online .
0	She walked passed the windows in the living room .	2 hours later she woke up .
1	It was already Christmas Eve and it was too late to mail them .	I said we could throw the lists outside and the wind would mail them .
1	When they went inside , Billy 's mom had hot cocoa for them .	It felt really good warming up their hands .
1	They could n't contain their excitement .	The moment they got to the park they took pictures .
0	The sweater ripped !	Then one day she snagged the arm on a nail .
1	Dan was getting very scared .	Tom laughed and the restaurant suddenly came into view .
1	A fish bit Jimmy 's line .	Jimmy lost control of his fishing rod and lost it in the water .
1	Scott collected all sorts of belts .	However , out of all of his exotic belts , his favorite was plain .
1	Miki visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her .	When her grandmother went home , Miki visited her every day .
0	Hannah angrily decided to invite another male friend of hers instead .	He insisted his basketball game was more important than her dinner .
0	I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry .	Harry always encouraged me to write .
1	Larry decided to cheat .	He gave his dad a broken ping pong paddle to use .
0	Lewis asked her out .	They hung out everyday .
0	One of Fernando 's friends said he wanted to play video games .	They would have some drinks and food while playing .
0	The firemen saved her house but Jackie did not get any pizza .	Jackie had to quickly call the fire department .
1	They decided to go inside just to be safe .	Inside they checked the news .
0	The system short-circuited and could n't turn on again .	The juice feel on the floor and soaked the play-station .
1	He decided to walk home after waiting for an hour .	He became cold and wet as it was raining .
1	The requester rejected his survey .	Jesse did n't get paid .
1	Lilacs are Frank 's favorite flower .	Frank entered the room looking happier than ever .
0	One day I saw first-hand how quickly he can get up to 40MPH .	I love to watch my greyhound run .
1	Kelly decided to take her favorite junk food items and redo them .	She wanted to make them healthier .
1	I am a violinist and carry my violin everywhere .	I am usually very careful to not leave my violin behind .
0	It 's the worst job he ever experienced .	Charles found himself a job on craigslist .
1	A Porsche failed to slow down and nearly hit the finch .	The finch was so flustered he could barely hold his bowels .
0	Joe knew it was the right path since he earned honors .	Two years later , he graduated as a chef .
0	Suddenly , her dog started to bark at a bush .	Ann took her dog for a walk .
1	She taught herself how to do both very well .	She was asked to join a garage band with some kids from school .
0	She realized she forgot the strawberries .	She was mixing all the ingredients ingredients together .
1	I followed the recipe but I must have made a mistake .	The bread and tripled in size and was burning .
0	We purchased the crested gecko to pick up on Christmas Eve !	He eventually recommended a crested gecko .
1	She thought about tripping her but teacher were nearby .	She followed Ali wherever she went .
1	Only one of my kids likes blueberry pop-tarts .	I usually buy one big box of chocolate and one small box of blueberry .
0	As the loser , he was forced to punch himself in the face .	Jay had lost the bet .
0	Beth tried to find out why the girls were fighting .	Beth and May had to break up a fight between them .
1	Rhonda 's teacher asked the students to draw their families .	Rhonda drew an ideal family , with a pretty mom and a dad in a suit .
0	The mother bird came to check on the bird .	Luckily for the bird , it flew and landed safely .
1	He measured out the wood with a ruler and pencil .	With a saw he then cut up the pieces .
0	Her coach made shot after shot .	Lauren sank basket after basket .
0	The people were fine and the Pizza Man offered them a free slice .	The driver of the car swerved and crashed into a tree .
1	He went to the store to get his bike .	Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike .
1	A zoo keeper told her that they did not have any pandas .	Chelsea was in tears for the rest of the day .
1	She picked plums from the orchard .	She boiled them in the pot .
0	She baked the cookies .	She mixed the batter according to the recipe .
1	Jane wanted to let her hair grow long .	But as summer approached , she felt urged to cut it .
1	She crept into the kitchen .	She opened the fridge and found some grapes .
1	Now he had to fill it !	He decided he needed a hose .
0	Bob 's boss found out and fired bob .	Bob told a lie to his boss .
0	She immediately goes of course .	Mary notices someone following her home .
0	When Josh got home , he was grounded .	The teacher told Joshua not to bring his bird again .
0	At school , Annie saw her classmates swooning over store bought cards .	Annie pictured how pleased her classmates would be with the cards .
1	She realized that there was a hole in her tent .	A bird must have made a hole there while she was sleeping .
1	We spent the whole time in our hotel rooms caring for the sick ones .	It was the worst time to catch a stomach bug .
0	They were very happy when he gave them the medal back .	He tracked down the family that had lived there before him .
0	My teacher saw me and offered a ride home .	I sat down in the front of the school to wait for my parents .
1	Frieda wanted some oatmeal .	She decided to boil some milk .
1	Adam had a job interview which went well .	The interviewer said he would call Adam the next day .
1	The media reported on the new drone .	One person bought a drone and used it to spy on Craig .
1	Jeff insulted Carrie in school .	He said that her shoes are extremely cheap .
1	He 's passionate about what he does .	He prints signs and spreads the word about an upcoming show .
1	He struggled to come up with a story idea .	Suddenly he realized that that in itself is a story idea .
1	When a gory scene came on screen , the date threw up in Doug 's lab .	They left the theater and Doug drove the girl straight home .
0	His friend Hillary is also running for president .	Bernie is running for president .
0	I used my hands to mash the garlic .	So I decided to mash roasted garlic into the potatoes .
1	When the teacher saw the dead butterfly , she dropped the card .	Jill brought the card home and kept it in a box of treasures .
1	My husband and I were sad that our dog had died .	We decided to get a new dog .
1	When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself .	Bob was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it .
0	Two years ago my boyfriend and I attended and EDM concert .	I love going to concerts and have always wanted to crowd surf .
0	She let me get a hamster .	Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store .
1	Then one day Will forgot it was pretend and bit into one of the pies .	Mud oozed out of his mouth .
0	And she sprayed air at it with a compressed air canister .	So she took the keyboard outside .
1	Her parents secretly bought May a backstage pass to meet the band .	On her birthday , they presented May with the backstage pass .
0	His boss agrees , but says Jason must go get it from the store .	Jason asks his boss for a new chair .
0	The plastic bag broke and garbage went everywhere !	But as she lugged the bag outside , something bad happened .
0	Even though she had decades to go , she thought it would be nice .	Kelly decided to start a retirement account .
0	They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after .	She agrees to go out with him .
0	Her arm was swollen due to a bee sting !	She was reading a book when she felt a sharp pain in her arm .
1	Then he thought of a great solution .	She used packets of Kool Aid to turn her hair pink .
0	Pat 's food came out undercooked .	Their server spilled a drink on the couple 's table .
1	Marvin impressed the store manager and was hired .	Marvin felt happy in his new job .
1	She lived alone , and her only companion was a dog .	Gina worried she would die in that house alone , and no one would know .
1	She named the kitten mitten .	She loved the kitten very much .
0	Instead , the door handle broke right off .	The next morning , David could not open his car door .
1	When she came home , she showed the rocks to friends .	Everyone said they looked like ordinary rocks , nothing special .
0	So he decided to get dark curtains .	Every morning , sun shining through Gabe 's window woke him up .
1	She found a reasonable breeder near her .	Dina was finally able to purchase the puppy she desired .
0	When he went to the doctor they found he had a mouth infection .	That 's when his sister realized the stench was coming from his mouth .
1	She thought of her friends and teachers .	Kate was no longer excited to graduate .
0	Ever since , Mary hates Thanksgiving and the bad memories of that day .	Mary felt like someone had just broken her heart .
1	The snake was menacing , and tried to attack Peter .	Peter was able to manage not getting bitten by the snake .
1	But hours later , Alice 's family could n't find her .	Alice had to visit a police station to find her family .
0	Afterward I made five more purchases .	A restaurant charged me too much by mistake .
0	Nicole found some covers that she liked .	She went to a department store .
1	She seemed louder and more abrasive .	Luckily , when Melissa pointed this out , her friend apologized .
0	So she told her mother all the good things she could come up with .	She knew she needed to prove it was a good idea to keep the dog .
1	She ordered the one thing she could afford off the list .	Overnight delivery got the package to the house on time !
1	Looking for a job was n't as easy as it had been when she was younger .	No matter how hard she tried she could n't get an interview .
1	One day his job required him to fly to another city .	Larry refused .
1	My house had a fruit fly problem that I did n't know how to so .	No matter what steps I took to eliminate them , they always came back .
1	He felt humiliated but was determined to make an impression .	He swaggered on stage swinging his hips with gusto .
1	However , her boyfriend wanted to have a small private wedding .	They argued about the wedding for a year .
0	Her daughter 's place is being sprayed for roaches .	My sister-in-law Martha has to mind her daughter 's cat .
0	Finally he found a red truck that he liked .	He searched all over on craigslist .
0	His parents took him to the Humane Society to choose one .	Robbie wanted a pet cat .
0	Most of her nightmares had ghost or monsters in them .	The nightmares she had where about her or her family .
1	Lisa promised to buy plenty of cookies from Anne .	Anne waited all day , but Lisa never arrived at the bake sale .
1	One day his teacher helped him clean out all the papers in his desk .	Tavon had to stay in from recess to work on all the work he did n't do .
1	The panda had just had a little baby .	Mari wanted to go see the baby panda .
0	I was so excited .	For my 16th birthday I got my license and a car .
1	He decides that he needs to clip his toenails .	He diligently clips each toenail until they are neat and trim .
1	Michael 's day arrived and his brother was at his front door .	Having his brother in town was his favorite gift .
1	His wife cooked dinner .	Tom was ate dinner and satiated his appetite .
0	He decided to make himself a cherry pie .	Jonah was craving something sweet .
0	We compromise now and each take turns picking the movies we see .	We always fight on what to watch when we go out .
0	The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned .	The family arrived at the hotel and unpacked .
0	They have decided to wear three different outfits .	The day is finally here .
0	Stephanie was upset that she had to replace her mailbox .	The driver did not stop .
1	About 2 hours in I realized I had to use the restroom .	I began to head back to my room for privacy .
0	He especially enjoyed the food and gifts !	It was called Tet , and Neil loved it .
0	She was playing in the yard when a car pulled up .	There were no other kids on their block .
1	Mike hit Jerry to hard one time , and made Jerry mad .	Then it turned serious , and a real boxing match broke out .
0	Although he soon realized how expensive everyday things are .	At first Alex was hesitant about moving next store to his parents .
0	Yvette took effective medicine from a leading pharmaceutical company .	On her first case , she became really anxious .
0	On his chair was an envelope .	He took his seat while everyone watched .
0	Tom had a lot of fun on the jet ski .	Tom rented a jet ski .
0	They met her teachers and got her schedule , and toured the school .	The day after she moved in , her mom took her to the school .
1	Lee is a great baker .	His girlfriend loves peppermint .
1	The police pulled Michael to the side of the road .	When he took Michael 's license , he noticed that it 's outdated .
0	Ten years after JB started as an intern , he became the director .	After two years , he became a production assistant .
1	He decided to call a plumber .	The plumber gave Bob an estimate .
1	Karen 's kids decided they wanted ice-cream in the middle of a blizzard	She had absolutely no intention of trying to drive to the store .
0	When I looked outside , I saw my mom .	However , I woke up within a next hour .
0	Ziggy refuses to eat it .	One day , she serves him his dog food plain .
0	He really loves first base , but is also good at pitching .	Jerry really loves baseball , but he ca n't decide where to play .
1	Then , she took the picture to the darkroom to develop it .	In the dark room , she saw that the picture did n't develop .
1	He pulled up with 3 seconds left on the clock .	He hit a jumper last second to win the game by 1 point .
1	Her mother decided she deserved to be rewarded for her behavior .	Bella was surprised with a new doll .
0	The man showed Niall his badge , he was a policeman .	Niall was excited momentarily , but grew suspicious .
1	She was having a great time , until something touched her foot .	She was very upset and ran to the shore , screaming .
0	The dog jerked free and ran away .	I walked the dog for about twelve blocks .
1	Kathy and her husband went on vacation .	They loved the outdoors .
0	But then she got a coworker named John .	At first she hated it .
0	Chad picked out what he thought was the perfect song .	Chad decided he would surprise his friend with a song tribute .
1	Abel was a very sweet and quiet boy .	He was very serious and always told the truth .
0	Alfred and friends rented a boat to go fishing .	His friends arrived in the early morning .
0	So he goes to a hair doctor .	It even starts to come out in the shower .
1	She needs to pay rent and is behind on her bills .	She has been looking for more work but ca n't find any .
1	She did leg lifts .	She also did ten touch touches every day .
1	Becky 's volleyball coach told her to stop chewing while playing .	Even though she had been warned , Becky continued to chew .
0	The medicine was still affecting my judgement quite a bit .	Upon coming out of the surgery , I felt great .
0	But she insisted on living in a shelter .	Johnny owned a home and wanted to take in his mother .
0	I 'm very excited to go !	I think that she will do just fine there , as she meets my family .
0	Charles was in awe of the majesty as he snapped photo after photo .	A large whale surfaced near the ship .
1	After getting home , I began to unload the groceries .	While unloading the groceries , I noticed that I forgot several bags .
1	The whole sequence of dominoes toppled over .	Dan was thrilled with his crafty work !
1	Stella feels compassion for the homeless animals .	Stella started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold .
0	And she even got a picture with and signature on it from her .	Meeting Cinderella totally made her day .
0	I left empty , tired and disappointed .	I relentlessly looked , but there was nothing that caught my eye .
0	Now Camryn knows how much she is reading every month .	She had to keep a log .
1	He built a new mantle with his extra money .	Kendrick now really appreciates his fireplace .
1	When Al came out , his bike was gone !	Al looked up and down the street but did n't spot his bike .
1	It was time to clip them .	The tiny little dog yipped like he was being murdered .
0	She realized there was a line forming .	She looked in other parts of her purse .
1	One day , the paper was n't delivered and Ronald was very upset .	Then , Ronald realized he could just read the news online on his phone .
1	Taylor started working for a man named Mark .	She wanted to make a good impression on him .
0	He promised to get up on time for church from then on .	The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell .
0	Everyone loved it .	Then , she brought the pie to dinner .
0	He saved up money for a few weeks .	His old one barely worked .
1	But he was nervous that nobody would like him .	He feared he would n't make any friends at all .
1	The two kids began fighting .	There mother heard and came into the room to stop them .
0	BC beat Harvard and BU beat NU .	Four teams play - BU , BC , Northeastern and Harvard .
1	I become so interested in working with the special education students .	I became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning .
1	They practiced once a week for years .	On their anniversary night , they passed away .
1	He started saving for the trip for many years .	Eventually he had enough saved to take the trip .
0	He went every day to see them swim and grow bigger .	He thought they were adorable !
0	He realized he loved the game !	Soon he was golfing like a pro .
1	After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her .	Lucy rode home in silence upset she did n't get to pick her own shoes .
1	And ended up eating 5 pounds of wings .	She was very sick the next day .
1	He spent all his spare time pranking his classmates and teachers .	One day they decided to prank him back .
1	Annie sees a Robin .	Annie points out the Robin to the neighbor .
0	One day he failed at playing chess .	He even got straight A 's on his first report card .
0	He was taken to the hospital by helicopter ambulance .	While we were near the top , my father grabbed his chest in pain .
0	When she opened it she was very surprised !	It was hidden inside a big red box .
0	She served the tacos with a big salad .	Mary put the filling in tortillas .
0	She hit the ground and broke her ankle .	Unfortunately , this caused her to fall off the swing .
0	In the meanwhile , Dustin took a duster .	Bradley took a large mop and started to clean the floor .
0	I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise .	When I got to my front door , I heard voices inside my apartment .
0	There was a local bar that had a bunch of tables .	We went to play pool after our exams .
1	George sat a half full coffee cup down in the garage one day .	He forgot about it for a couple weeks .
0	I watered the seeds .	I added dirt and seeds to the window box .
1	A baby kitten wanders out of the house .	The kitten wanders around trying to find some food .
0	He asked his wife is she had taken them to town , and she denied it .	A farmer woke up one morning , and found his pigs had gone missing .
0	So they were worried about him being in the school play .	Everyone knew Sam was forgetful .
1	Linda and Gina went to a craft show .	They have been going to the same show for six Year 's .
0	She had IVF treatments to help her conceive her child .	She decided she could handle parenthood on her own .
1	He kept procrastinating on getting them .	One day it was raining out and Sam tried to stop .
0	We had a great time .	We went camping and fishing for two weeks .
0	She ordered fluoride free toothpaste online .	Sue became scared and decided to change her lifestyle habits .
0	Joe was able to finish typing the essay .	It fixed the key on his keyboard .
0	I took it to my friend to fix .	I figured out something was wrong with the hard drive .
1	Harriet was his manager .	Harriet quit the company .
0	Everyone in town thanked her .	The party was great .
0	The hotel rooms available were either expensive or not clean .	After the show we decided not to get a hotel room .
0	Brittany and Ashley have been enemies for three minutes .	But a boy walked by and told Ashley he liked her outfit .
1	Kayla and her friends were excited to start a game of Hide and Seek	The three of them spread out .
1	So she bought raw salmon .	But it had not been previously frozen .
1	For a long time , she was having a hard time picking anything up .	Then , she read about a cool method .
0	I was late picking up my son .	The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on .
1	They really enjoyed their food !	David 's girlfriend decided to make BBQ pulled pork at home .
1	Ranger dug a hole for his bone .	Ranger put the bone in the hole .
1	He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed .	The guards at the prison where he 's now housed also enjoy show tunes .
1	Her work was boring and not challenging enough .	Angela applied for many jobs .
1	She cut them up , and baked a pie with them !	The pie was delicious .
1	Tito went surfing one morning in Hawaii .	He caught a huge wave .
1	she is nervous about it .	Missy wins the game .
0	After his preliminary fight , he instantly got accepted	He decided to join the UFC competitions
1	Used the patch for a month .	He finally quit smoking .
1	It 's frustrating and a bit annoying .	But it 's worth the effort in the end .
0	I visited John and asked him to help me build some handrails .	One of them told me I had to put handrails on my steps .
1	Bill just bought a house .	He wanted to do renovations to it .
1	But afterwards , he had a headache .	So he tried to eat less the next day .
0	Eventually she was the best on the team !	After a long time , she started to get better .
1	Sam had over 200 pairs of socks .	He brought his socks everywhere he went in a suitcase .
1	This schedule also just felt better for him .	Rob realized that this was hurting his ability to make business calls .
0	They had everything he needed !	His sister told him to try the dollar store .
1	At the track , Jenny 's dad let her pick a horse for every race .	Jenny 's picks won more often than her dad 's .
1	Suddenly the tip of his pencil broke off !	He raised his hand and told the monitor what had happened .
0	They were at the 17th hole and the score was even .	Tim and Juan were playing putt putt .
1	Natalie was sitting at lunch with her friends .	Suddenly her stomach began to hurt .
0	The exec also wanted him to change his whole sound .	The exec wanted him to sign a contract .
1	She over an hour and thought of leaving .	But then she saw a group of dolphins leap out of the ocean .
1	Now she was in labor with her second .	Her doctor said she could attempt a vaginal delivery , and VBAC .
0	Yesterday we listened to a song three times .	It only takes her once or twice to learn a new song .
1	She came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside .	Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled .
0	Having never had lobster before , Martin panicked momentarily .	One evening , at dinner , a client ordered lobster for both of them .
1	Laura knew how Lydia felt about Eric .	Laura turned Eric down .
1	Sammie realized he had to throw away his old socks and buy new ones .	Sammie said goodbye to his old friends and bought a new pair of socks .
1	Alice proudly left her easel when she finished the portrait .	But she ended up knocking it on the floor .
0	Soon , the dog 's happy owner came to retrieve him .	Nita called the number on the tag .
0	Last week , Emily got mad at her brother for barging in .	Sometimes her brother forgets to knock before entering her room .
1	She checked her account online .	It turned out that her bill was late .
1	He takes many pictures of it .	Jason drives home after his trip .
1	One day she left the walkman in her backpack on the school bus .	When she went to retrieve her backpack it felt lighter .
1	The wave moved the glass to somewhere where Sam could n't find .	He ran to where he thought it was and dug in the sand to no avail .
0	The two of them ran ahead of the others along the path .	She loved hiking especially when her dog was able to come .
1	She started picking on a boy .	Suddenly , the boy got angry .
1	The new building did n't have a mascot yet .	They asked the students to vote on the animal .
1	Finally she has a big argument with her friends about fur .	She decides to never see them again .
1	He fell to the floor and started doing push-ups .	He did one hundred and one of them .
1	Bob loved to run through the park .	Yesterday while he was running he twisted his ankle .
0	My parents let me keep her .	I found the cutest dog in the place .
1	Then she announced first place , and she named him .	She had been saving the best for last !
0	Detective Brown was determined to find him .	There was a serial killer on the loose in New Orleans .
0	He cried and drank water for almost twenty minutes .	He thought he could handle it and took a big bite .
0	Anna 's kids soon ate beans with every meal .	Beans offered healthy protein too , and they were cheap !
1	His coworkers noticed that he did this .	They started to blame every error and mistake on him .
0	She headed over to the house and met the parents as well as the kid .	She answered an ad that wanted a babysitter .
1	A large whale surfaced near the ship .	Charles was in awe of the majesty as he snapped photo after photo .
0	The tiny little dog yipped like he was being murdered .	It was time to clip them .
1	He fell flat for a moment , but eventually woke up .	The toaster was thrown away since it broke .
1	I put everything on a plate in the microwave .	I walked out of the room and forgot about it .
0	They were so happy to receive the socks .	He made socks for each of his siblings .
1	Annie has an old dog .	The vet says the dog is overweight .
0	She took me to the school 's nurse .	However , one of the teachers around the area helped me get up .
1	One day he bought a scratching ticket .	He won enough money for a down payment .
0	He used it correctly but pushed too hard and a deep cut opened !	He could n't get the razor to cut and was told that it was upside down .
0	He is having a party at a gymnastics place .	It is Eli 's birthday .
1	Finally his chair is complete .	Fred feels satisfied and happy with his living room chair .
0	It was moving towards the wide receiver .	As soon as his opponents were coming after him , he threw the ball .
1	Madison was at the gas station .	She was buying a snack .
1	Amanda got home one night and was very tired .	She decided to take a bubble bath .
0	However , she always wanted to be an author .	Darla is an accountant .
0	My siblings were nervous about the new home .	My family was moving to a new city .
1	He went to the shed and got out his ax .	He found a large tree by the side of the road .
1	I called my sister Names , as in , `` Hey , Names , get out of my seat . ''	My sister started crying and told my mom I was calling her Names .
0	His book did n't make the best seller 's list .	He wrote about how Elvis is n't really dead .
0	He searched his entire backpack , but it was n't there .	Jim had lost his book .
1	Rita got a new piano the other day .	She thought it would be a good background .
1	However , my sister talked to me about her during the next day .	She said that my cousin was faking the results .
0	She was on her way home from work and hit a deer .	My friend got into a car accident yesterday .
1	Then they made him a manager .	Tim 's salary was getting very respectable indeed !
1	When she turned on the dryer , nothing happened .	Her father looked at it and said it was broken , how could she dry ?
0	Sue forgot all about keeping a poker face .	The first hand she was dealt contained three kings .
0	She went to the store where she bought her phone .	Pam 's smart phone was malfunctioning .
0	They brought sandwiches and pie .	The park was near a lake .
1	Claire realized she was out of flour .	Claire climbed in her car and headed to the store to buy flour .
1	Today was April Fools Day and everyone played pranks on each other .	Jeff was sneaking towards Dan , who was sitting down .
0	I decided to try it out and ended up meeting a nice female .	My cousin introduced me to this dating application .
0	The dental hygienist told Sherman that he was over-brushing .	He began brushing thrice daily in preparation .
1	I left my son and girlfriend late in the fall of 1978 .	After I made it to the other side of the country , I went to the beach .
1	Shawn went to the top of his barn and took off in the contraption .	Unexpectedly , he flew up into the air like a bird .
0	She started working for the producer and loved her knew life .	She also met a film producer who offered her work .
1	A Lot of other children that wanted to go into the bouncy house , too	When he finally got in he jumped as high as he could .
1	Katy decided to go to the mall to get a new one .	She drove to the mall and went to the mobile phone store .
1	I tried to speak over him but he would n't stop .	I immediately walked away .
0	She studied for hours and hours .	She was nervous for her final exam .
1	May asked the flight attendant did they know each other ?	The flight attendant was Charles ' mother !
1	He prayed for snow , then shut his eyes and drifted off .	When he woke , there was a swirling blizzard outside - and no school !
1	It fixed the key on his keyboard .	Joe was able to finish typing the essay .
1	Mom suggests Simon bring his 3DS .	Simon plays Mario Kart the entire time he 's at Grandma 's .
0	There was a lot to choose from and he was unsure .	He went to the pharmacy to get some cold medicine .
0	Don was carried out of the high class party on a stretcher .	When he sat down the glass shattered , splintering into his buttocks .
1	Typically , there would be an artist , programmer , and many more people .	The progress is slow , but it is also steady .
1	In the beginning I thought the therapist was just causing me pain .	I did not want to come to physical therapy , but soon I changed .
0	Jim found himself wide awake until 5 AM .	But when he needed to go bed , he could n't sleep .
0	I went to the store and bought the tube to fix the tire .	I took the bike home and checked out the problem .
1	As he was watching the football game his dog knocked over his TV .	The TV broken in a million pieces .
0	However , they decided they were going to give him more attention .	When his parents found him drawing on the wall , they were upset .
0	He thought he was alone but his mother was listening in the next room .	When Bruce got home from school he turned on the radio and sang along .
1	As soon as he tried putting mayonnaise on it , the bottle broke .	All of the liquid spilled on my sandwich .
1	We played sardines in a can .	This is a hide-and-go-seek type of game .
0	His friend had many complaints about the new phone and its problems .	He hated his phone and resented not being able to afford a new one .
0	However , she noticed no one was eating their food .	Despite this , she still grilled hamburgers .
1	She picked it up and carried it home .	There , she began caring for it and feeding it .
1	He is a veteran .	She attended the graduation .
1	There once was a man from peru	He dreamed he was eating his sandals
0	They had one more game to win to go to State .	The high school baseball team was leading the north district .
1	I put a towel under where it was leaking to absorb the water .	I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car .
1	After the third beer I really felt alive with ideas .	I wrote my essay in record time .
0	I went to the garage to look for something to do .	Everyone finished eating and was very bored .
0	Ava poured some juice into ice cube trays .	It was a swelteringly hot day .
0	Her little sister ran to the first floor bathroom .	They were relieved to be inside .
0	Dan 's teacher slammed books on his desk and Dan jumped up .	He fell asleep and started snoring loudly .
0	As the game started , it was great that the Red Sox were winning .	The boys had great seats in the Luxury box .
1	He put up posters for the cat but no one responded .	Finally he resigned to being a cat owner .
1	He walked into his class and took out his supplies .	When he got the test , Bob read every question carefully .
0	She decided to borrow her new car .	Lori was watching her aunt 's house .
0	The next day she had a message saying she had a 7 day extension .	She called her landlord and left a message begging for mercy .
1	He looked to see what she had brought .	She had brought home a dozen donuts !
0	Bella bundled up and ran outside to play in the snow .	Everything was covered in fresh white snow .
0	But it was so confusing !	He went online and gave it a shot .
1	Cindy saw a really cute dress on ebay that was very cheap .	It seemed almost too good to be true .
1	He sent it in .	He got the promotion .
0	After installing the parts , her computer much smoother .	She purchased a new CPU and more RAM for her computer .
1	Ed wanted to paint .	He mixed egg tempera paints with egg yolks .
1	Over the weekend , his friend helped Bobby understand Algebra .	On Monday , Bobby made an A on his Algebra test .
1	Cora wanted to get in shape , so she joined her school 's track team .	But she could n't keep up with the other runners !
0	To his dismay he was told the cards were mailed the day before .	He offered to take the report card to his mother instead .
0	Miss Haring cried at the accuracy of the features .	Mikey politely showed her the portrait of her he had nearly finished .
1	When report cards came out , she had earned all a 's and b 's !	Maddie 's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward .
0	They breathed a sigh of relief , and resumed their morning jog .	The Jehovah Witnesses walked by their hiding spot .
0	When he could n't do anything extraordinary , he blamed negative energy .	Fin filled out the application , and took the test .
1	Julie was impressed that Ricardo liked her , he was rich .	She wondered if he liked her enough to marry her .
0	I tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out , I hate PE .	We were playing on black top .
0	But before we got there my brother started to burp twice .	This one time we were on a trip to see New Schwanstein .
0	Her hair looked horrible in the photo .	When it came out weeks later , she was so upset .
0	He said Ro was welcome to join their club !	Soon the club 's president texted her .
1	They playfully started a food fight .	But soon other students had joined in , and it was chaotic !
1	He decided to propose to her .	He bought a ring a set up a beautiful date !
0	He took his glasses off and stepped on them .	He hates wearing glasses .
1	He spent three years replacing broken or worn parts .	He had it repainted jet black .
1	Peter jumped back in fright .	Peter turned around and went home .
0	She quit without notice .	Everything became very overwhelming .
1	Emily downloaded and installed Lazarus on to her computers .	She felt inspired to create many cross-platform applications .
1	To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal .	I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles .
0	She waited for months for her hair to grow back out .	The stylist did not charge her but that did not fix her hair .
0	Jenny 's picks won more often than her dad 's .	At the track , Jenny 's dad let her pick a horse for every race .
0	Lucy felt left out since she could n't go .	She called her friend Amy who told her there was party later .
0	There was only news and cartoons on the 4 channels she had .	At 7 AM she turned on the TV in her room .
0	Mason decided to play outside instead of waiting .	He waited for the electricity to come back on but he missed his show .
0	She contemplated ending her own life .	May was feeling very depressed and unloved .
1	I ran to the nurse to get some ice .	I could see the black stinger inside me .
1	My boyfriend in high school was very romantic .	One summer I was away at camp .
1	As she got into the classroom , to her surprise the exam was not hard .	She left the classroom feeling a sigh of relief .
0	It gave me very bad gas .	I ordered a triple patty hamburger .
1	Chad loves Barry Bonds .	Chad recently attended a spring training game just to see him .
1	His leg is broken and he now needs to use crutches .	Mark decides to stop living so adventurously .
0	They confiscated the knife and arrested him .	In addition , the security guards noticed the kid .
0	It was called Ask Mac .	Mac started writing an editorial in the school paper .
1	When Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned .	He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy .
1	He decided to shave it off .	Now he looks weird .
1	I decided to take a rest and sit down for a bit .	I found shade under a nice tree .
0	Grandma did n't want to turn up the heat .	It was very cold one night .
1	He learned as much about filmmaking as he could .	Once he felt prepared , he gathered all his friends who wanted to help .
1	Her friend forgave her .	She felt lucky to have a good friend .
1	Finally Amy spotted him holding hands with another girl .	Amy sat through the whole movie in a stunned silence .
0	The doctor gave Lynda 's mother a prescription for glasses to help .	The eye doctor confirmed that Lynda was nearsighted .
0	We took the train from Boston .	We visited Philadelphia in 2005 .
1	Hank was afraid he would spend it on drugs .	Hank put the two-dollar bill in a safe where he could not use it .
1	Suddenly there was a crash in the hallway .	Simon jumped up , baseball bat in hand , to see what happened .
0	His dream was to create a zoo full of his favorite animals .	Zack had loved animals since he was a child .
0	She was going to take it to the vet .	It kept coughing and making strange noises .
1	Laura wanted to play the harp .	She signed up for lessons in school .
1	My friend called me 10 times and I missed all his calls .	I decided to call him right away .
1	James was trying his hardest to make the football team .	He was n't good enough last year , but this year 's be different !
1	Unfortunately , she also had a fear of the water .	Determined to see the reef , she enrolled in swimming lessons .
1	Kaitlyn was seeing her favorite author one day .	She had drawn him some fan art and wanted to show him .
1	She was able to learn with her friend 's help .	Emily can ride her bike with her friends now !
0	He decided to turn it into the police station .	He found some money on the street .
0	Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life .	After Years of trying to meet another man , she lost hope .
0	The next day a girl she had met at the park visited her .	It was her birthday tomorrow and she felt lonely .
0	The kids were always fighting .	When I got there it was terrifying .
0	She felt better was was still nervous .	Beth was returning to school after being sick for a week .
1	Len had an old window air conditioner he did n't use anymore .	Len helped Ron install it and the place became cool and comfortable .
0	One day Charlie drove his car to work .	The car was beautiful and shiny .
1	He had his large nose nose shrunk .	But he still was n't happy .
1	Brad felt like he wasted his time on the shelter .	The next week scientists said a meteor was headed to earth .
0	Sally ran outside and brought her cup in .	The cup filled with water .
1	George did own a couple of acres of wooded land .	George drew up his dream home plans and set out for the land .
1	Jason asks his boss for a new chair .	His boss agrees , but says Jason must go get it from the store .
0	I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going .	I decided to not go .
0	Mud oozed out of his mouth .	Then one day Will forgot it was pretend and bit into one of the pies .
0	He knew he could beat her easily so he agreed .	So when a new girl at school challenged him to a race he just laughed .
0	The two ended up friends .	Jaden was immediately silenced and then agreed with the man .
0	He performed those new tricks at parties and received applause .	He learned how to make unique shapes with his tongue .
0	He usually just goes for fun and to work out .	He goes to the local public pool .
1	The puppy ran right up to Marshall and licked his face .	Marshall 's parents let him keep the puppy .
1	She could no longer enjoy what she was listening to .	And her neighbors were playing a terrible song .
0	The twins had a small home and agreed a nursing home would be best .	But when he got Alzheimer 's , neither could help him .
0	The next day he was intensely sore .	He tried his hardest to keep up .
0	A year later Sarah was happy and the doctor said her weight was good .	Sara worked out and watched what she ate .
1	He found a book about dinosaurs	He wondered why these big animals were gone
0	Then suddenly Seth started to feel remorse for the man	Seth quickly shrugged him off and walked past
0	When he dropped her off at home , he gave her a kiss .	He asked her out one day .
1	Ben was a college student with no money .	He decided he needed to get a job .
1	He did fifty push ups a day .	Until one day he hurt his arm .
1	It was a homemade Christmas ornament .	On it was a picture of her baby and it said `` My First Christmas '' .
0	She has no way of escape .	She then sees a car heading right towards her .
0	The dog 's owner did n't even apologize .	Unfortunately , the dog decided to pounce on Tom instead .
0	His umbrella broke after a few minutes .	Jon opened his umbrella .
1	I turned on the water and it was icy cold !	Our water heater had broken and I could n't take a shower .
1	Sarah wants a nice meal for dinner .	Sarah decides to go get seafood .
1	She mixed the batter according to the recipe .	She baked the cookies .
1	My husband wanted to take a trip to Niagara Falls .	We went in Dec .
0	They wrote down names to pick randomly since they could n't agree .	Bobby said Caramel and Beth suggested Sugar .
1	Eventually Ed got stuck in a thunderstorm .	He had to land the plane on the road down below .
1	It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch .	He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends .
1	Then when Rick turned 40 , his dad bought him a special birthday gift .	It was a pair of tickets to a local wrestling match .
1	It itched badly !	She tried not to scratch it .
1	He ate as neatly as possible .	When it was over , everyone said he did fine .
1	The entrees arrived only minutes after the appetizers .	We still gave a good tip , as the waitress was nice .
1	She was so grateful she forgot all about the pearls .	They were closer than ever before .
0	Mitch 's confidence impressed the interviewer so much he accepted .	After some time Mitch said that he 'll take the job for $ 100,000/year .
1	My friend Rupert was carrying a long mirror to his room .	I told him a broken mirror is 7 years bad luck .
0	The one that does not go in is blind .	All of the chickens go in the coop by then except one .
0	I love those cakes .	They had cream-filled cakes there .
1	They needed to gather data .	It was particularly bad .
1	She did n't want her parents to know .	She pretended to be just sitting on the front porch .
1	Mike has an English final the next morning .	During the college semester , Mike never attended the English class .
0	Matt ran ahead and got lost .	Matt and jimmy visited an abandoned asylum .
1	She took it home and cleaned it up with a fresh coat of paint .	Sarah decided to go to the flower shop and buy a plant for it .
0	Evan enjoyed himself .	His brother enjoyed all of the things they did .
1	Jim was out fishing with his son Todd .	They were fishing for salmon in their backyard .
0	The pay was terrible and the hours were long .	He hated the job .
1	I cried until my nose bled .	My grandparents called to talk to my mom .
1	Lance always loved playing the guitar .	Every time he was at a party he would play for everyone .
0	John 's friend said that not all reading material was beneficial .	John asked if reading any material would be effective .
0	He had to call his dad to ask him what he was doing wrong .	He struggled to tie his tie properly .
0	I took cover but the storm would n't pass .	As soon as I got there it started to rainy .
1	Susan was driving to work .	She kept staring at the road intently .
1	He turns up the volume so loud that you ca n't hear anything else .	One day while he was watching the movie Shane the police came .
1	Kim we to the supermarket to buy paper towels .	She saw that he brand was at the top of the shelf .
1	She wagged her tail happily and started to lick his hand .	He kept petting her because it made her stop whimpering .
1	Cal was half-awake as he went into his shower .	He thought the water felt very pleasant and reached for the shampoo .
1	She decided to join the school 's drama team to see if that would help .	Luckily it helped and she made a new friend .
0	Mike drove to the local university and asked for help .	He decided to go to college to learn a skill for employment .
1	Tom was visiting his uncle 's farm .	His uncle showed him how to milk a cow .
1	One day , her friend caught her singing .	Her friend told her that she had a beautiful voice .
0	He learned not to gamble on sports .	He was really mad .
1	At night however , his computer was more stable .	And he realized how cold the night was .
1	Four hours passed and they still did not have a winner .	They decided it was a tie .
1	She pulled over and got out to check .	Bev saw that she had a flat tire !
0	He would have to miss work for over a week .	He was unhappy .
0	Then she led him to the front of the store .	Ida approached him and comforted him .
0	In Rome Arun saw many beautiful sights .	Finally he booked his flight for Rome .
1	Gina had been waiting on the principal for 15 minutes .	She wanted to something to do to pass the time .
1	Since she lived in a different state , he sent her money overseas .	It 's been several weeks and the payment has n't arrived .
0	He found no food there .	First , he looked in his own bowl for some cat food .
0	While making breakfast for her son , she heard banging at her door .	A friend of mine lived in an old rented house .
0	She was a tenured faculty member from the start .	She did n't need to prove herself at all .
1	She walked swiftly to the bathroom when he was done .	In a hurry she turned the corner and ran into her boss .
1	Billy hates doing homework .	His grades began to plummet .
0	I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them .	The year before 4th grade she surprised me with a pair of loafers .
1	Suddenly , the door hit a bump .	The entire thing began to fall down .
1	My sister is going to have a baby .	She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl .
0	He goes to the bar and orders one beer .	Rufus decides he needs to get a beer and join them .
1	When he was creating the icing , he threw it on the floor .	However , he still placed it on the floor .
1	Bob immediately hiked out of the woods .	Bob went to the emergency room to get treated .
0	Afterwards , they all told him how well he had performed !	They watched attentively all through the concert .
0	Lonny is now fluent in Tamil .	He studied the language for a year .
1	When one of the girls had to go home , they finally let her play .	Much to their amazement , she won three games in a row .
0	His mom said it looked gross .	Sam was making a pickle and cheese sandwich .
1	She always made good grades .	One day she forgot to study for her spelling test .
0	We started out with sticks and blankets .	Today I built a fort with my Dad .
1	At the concert , she was surprised when her boyfriend got on stage .	He proposed to Dee , telling her that he had left the flyer on her car .
1	She claims not to but it 's obvious .	I set up a camera to catch her in the act .
0	When Harry was convinced and left , Peter showed everyone his new cap !	Peter denied the that he stole the baseball cap .
1	On his vacation , he went and tutored children from local schools .	James felt a great sense of honor from his work .
1	But the couch was too soft .	Gina tossed and turned , certain she would never fall asleep .
1	She was getting ready to stop for the night and needed a hotel .	Looking at an app on her phone , she compare hotel prices .
1	Bill was recently invited to the movies with a coworker .	Bill was excited to get out the house and see a movie .
1	She could n't decide which animal she wanted to ride .	The white horse with pink ribbons was beautiful .
0	I tested it out by dropping it and it did n't have a stretch .	I bought one finally on the Internet and it fit perfectly .
1	Joe checked himself into a rehab center .	He now lives a happy and sober life .
1	She tried to put it out by throwing water on it .	The fire spread and Kim had to call the fire department .
0	Jen is so relieved to have a prom date .	Finally Tyler asks her to the prom
0	She apologized for yelling at her sister while angry .	Gina instantly calmed down .
1	Jackson stole a wallet at a party on Friday .	He took all of the cash and threw the wallet in the trash .
0	His dad showed him how to run to get the kite in the air ,	Tim tried , but was unable to get the kite off the ground .
0	She stopped and asked a kindly stranger for help .	Then she realized she was lost !
1	Ethan was walking at the mall .	Suddenly , he spotted something black .
1	She did it by bribing him with treats .	The puppy quickly learned to shake .
1	Amy disliked animal printed items .	But she purchased the slippers because they were so affordable .
0	Eventually , I found a large pond in the woods .	It led me deep into the woods .
0	Her mom was practical and did n't want Denise to become a dance .	Denise had a dream to become a dancer .
1	Harry always joked with his wife about her easy yoga practices .	He assumed all they did was stretch slowly for 90 minutes .
1	The crowd yelled at Ron for his mistake .	After the game the other referee told Ron not to worry about it .
1	He got his plane , and loaded the reindeer into it .	Then he took off into the skies with his reindeer .
0	Outside in the heat of the morning Larry began to regret his decision .	He put on a tee-shirt and slung the backpack over his shoulder .
0	He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out .	He fed the kitten and got the kitten water .
0	He warned me the cemetery had made some roads one way .	My brother went last week.q
0	A co-worker was taking out the trash and hit a bear with the door .	Sometimes the bears would come close to the back porch .
0	After dinner we made it to the dance club !	I ate at a restaurant called Raffertys .
0	Lacy threw out all the meat in her home .	She was convinced that she would never eat animal meat again .
1	Johann wakes up feeling sleepy .	He decides to make a cup of coffee .
1	She finally saved enough money to have a vacation there .	She did all the typical tourist things .
1	Sally came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup .	Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup .
1	Arnold had to detain him .	He was arrested for disorderly conduct and attacking an officer .
1	Amy recently had an interesting day .	She took the subway to work like she does everyday .
1	I feel it takes to much time .	As a result , I never brush my hair .
0	The storms could be pretty bad , leaving roads impassable .	Jay lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms .
1	Since she was late to work , she had to call her boss to cancel .	The traffic lasted for 1-2 hours .
0	It 's big enough to live in .	He got a beautiful one with big sails .
1	He had a lot of fun exploring nature .	Him and his friends would play in the mud .
0	He searched the wallet and found a card with a name and phone number .	He noticed a wallet under a park bench .
1	He was lonely living by myself .	Josh named his parrot Polly and called his name every day .
1	He sat patiently at the restaurant waiting to go home .	When the arrived home he ran to the DVR to play his show .
0	Roy stopped and picked it up .	There was a keyboard on the side of the road .
0	He told them next time they would win .	The day of the drawing he told everyone that they lost .
0	Sara runs out the school bus to go to school .	Her mom packs her a lunch for the day .
0	I then began to drive to the location .	On the day of the reunion , I put the location of the event in my GPS .
1	They showed him the electric bill .	Tom no longer wanted to be an adult .
1	One night it was close to sunset and we decided to come in .	The motor died so we had to paddle over one mile back to shore .
0	She decides to reply to the message while driving .	Lea is driving to work when she receives a text message .
1	She asked her friend to move in with her and her friend agreed .	Things became a lot easier to handle when costs were split in half .
1	Then one day she snagged the arm on a nail .	The sweater ripped !
1	She left them in the trunk of her car so the kids would n't find them .	She thought it would be okay since the weather was still so cold .
1	He quickly pulled into a side street to avoid being hit .	The car that was honking sped past and continued honking .
1	However , Jason is very pleased with his new look .	He only wishes that he had grown a mustache earlier .
1	The team allowed anyone to play , there was no trying out .	Because of this , I was one of the best players on my team .
1	It was the last one to do , but Tahar hesitated .	She did n't feel like doing another thing , but it winked at her .
1	He stayed very light one night , and went in early the next day	He was very committed to doing a good job for his work
1	The coin dealer informed me that he did not have it .	I was disappointed as i headed back home .
0	This morning the elevator got stuck .	I take an elevator to get to my office .
1	She adored her humans more than anything , but needed a furry friend .	Callie the cat was recently adopted .
0	My dog wanted to go back home .	Suddenly , it started to rain .
0	It was making her lonely .	Jill had n't seen her friends in a while .
1	They started doing some tricks until a police officer came over .	He gave them all tickets for skating in a no skating zone .
0	Suddenly , someone sent him a message .	He decided to post online asking for some help .
1	Tim had a pizza party .	There were fifty people .
0	The thought of flying scared him .	He had never been on a plane before .
0	The storm passed after five hours .	The captain kept them calm .
1	The Bonds were ready to plant this year 's vegetable garden .	They took a trip to the nursery to buy the plants they needed .
1	Jim ran for his life away from the pledges .	He 'd chosen not to join the fraternity .
0	I grounded her .	At dinnertime , she came downstairs dressed in a clown suit .
0	Eventually he ate other things .	His dad finally said no more fries .
1	I took it into the shop to get looked at .	The computer had a virus and the repairs would be costly .
0	Before dismissing class , Susan wanted to photograph the necklaces .	She let the students wear their art for the rest of the day .
1	During a scene she fell in front of everybody .	Bailey was really embarrassed .
1	Eli bought a new pencil sharpener .	He screwed it into the wall about shoulder level .
0	I ran to the park .	Yesterday I went for a run .
0	He wanted to meet the band after .	Bradley was at a show .
0	Jason 's girlfriend owned a grumpy cat .	Jason did n't like cats .
1	His second call was an armed suspect running from the police .	They were close and decided to pursue the criminal .
0	To her dismay , the book had been checked out !	When they got to the library , Jenny ran inside to search the shelves .
0	Sam restocked his new fridge with all his favorite food .	Sam purchased a new fridge and had it delivered .
0	On the bright side , we made an agreement .	We continued to argue to several more minutes .
0	I loved the thrill of a new brand this time too .	The next time I tried another different brand .
1	Gina 's friend wanted to see her brothers NWA tape .	Gina was scared , but she showed her anyway .
1	One day , she was cleaning his room .	She saw that the tent looked odd and went to fix it .
0	One day a deer came along and ate all the plants .	Everything started to grow .
1	The tired man had too much pride to take the seat .	As a result , no one sat in the open seat .
1	Mark 's supervisor at work called him into his office .	Mark 's supervisor asked him if everything was okay at home .
1	She hired a coach to help her .	Rita can now serve without faults .
0	I was still ashamed but not nearly as much .	Everyone thought it was funny
0	As they waited , they heard an echo come back to them , saying `` Hello ! ''	They stood at the edge of the lake and yelled `` Hello ! ''
1	Tyler loved to run and worked very hard .	He ran after school .
1	He got lost at Hollywood Studios .	They closed down the park because he could n't be found .
1	Like Mildred showed , Anita gave nice things to everyone but her son .	She disciplined her son more than other kids around him .
0	I was really excited to try some delicious pizza there .	I went to Chicago on vacation .
1	Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar .	The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile .
0	It was very fruitful .	They had a beautiful crop .
1	The first hand she was dealt contained three kings .	Sue forgot all about keeping a poker face .
0	She smiled as she told them about their prior examinations .	They took their seats in near silence and awaited instruction .
0	He scratched off his ticket and saw the numbers .	He bought a lottery ticket with the money .
0	His cat came inside and jumped into his lap .	Lenny was laying on his couch watching TV .
1	They took their time , but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee	After several hours they finally made it to the top .
0	She was not sure how to spell her next word .	Marissa was a finalist in her school 's spelling bee .
1	She decided to make dinner for her parents .	When they arrived home from work , the dinner was ready .
1	At first JD was devastated .	However , he soon realized he barely missed his ex-girlfriend .
1	However , she was going too fast !	Sally 's bike crashed at the bottom of the hill .
0	There was beer at the party .	My friends invited me to a party .
1	She put all of my clothes into the dryers .	I thanked her profusely .
1	His mother made him read it even though it was extremely difficult .	Because he read the hard book , Larry learned to appreciate books .
0	After days , he found a large skull of a reptile .	Padraig chose a spot to dig in the dirt .
1	Sam had been playing football since he was 7 Year 's old .	All the seniors would be honored tonight .
0	Sam never missed a game and her team made it to the championship .	Sam went to practice every day and worked very hard .
0	Poor Jerome was the victim of a drive-by shooting .	Jerome was hit and killed by three bullets !
1	Frank had never been in a band before .	He saw the flyer for the audition and wanted to try it .
0	Ben helped Jim repair the roof .	rainy leaked through the roof .
1	Right now I 'm in the market for a new car .	I 've been scanning Craigslist for a good used offer .
1	They are totes that are sold to mother 's typically .	They like them to help bring all their stuff with them .
0	The tractor smashed through the fence and kept going .	He drove his tractor into a fence .
1	Marissa was a finalist in her school 's spelling bee .	She was not sure how to spell her next word .
1	Tim surprised Liz with a hot air balloon ride .	They took a picnic lunch and champagne with them .
0	One day on their walk without a leash , Sippy ran away .	He named the puppy Zippy because he could run fast .
0	The next day a city worker came and took away the trash .	He put them into a bucket and dragged them to the curb .
1	She had n't begun writing yet .	She considered starting it that night .
0	When Diana started to get ready for work she got dizzy .	She did not want to miss work because she was sick .
0	The woman cut Jessica 's hair .	She handed the picture to the hairdresser .
1	Mikey politely showed her the portrait of her he had nearly finished .	Miss Haring cried at the accuracy of the features .
1	However to her dismay , Stacey had the same bag .	Tina was very upset .
0	After a long time of searching , she finally found a worthy comic .	She picked through every box of comics she could find .
1	He took his son to the playground .	He discovered a bunch of trash all over the ground .
1	My friend was mad because his girlfriend broke up with him .	I tried to talk to him .
0	When the first day of school arrived , Mike was no longer afraid .	He felt much more confident with his new clothes and supplies .
0	Bobby eagerly said he could drink from a soda can easily !	They had forgotten his sippy cup , but the asked if he could use a can .
1	Gerald loved Ali and wanted to marry her .	He was hesitant to ask her .
1	The turkey was on fire !	The whole house smelled like smoke .
1	I felt a hole in my life .	I decided to accept religion .
1	Then he took a few aspirin .	Soon he was feeling better .
1	Two fishing trawlers got their nets tangled together .	The crews tried and tried , but they could n't get the nets apart .
0	Shawn started going to class and he passed all of his finals .	Shawn realized that he must go to class if he wants to pass .
0	Alas , no one told him that the shifts would be twelve hours .	He would be working in the oil industry .
1	Jenna got a dog .	She loved the dog very much .
0	He was too embarrassed to tell anyone , so he did it himself .	At 23 Jared had never tied a tie .
1	Beth mistakenly thought it was 20 minutes .	After 20 minutes Beth 's hair was not blonde , but orange .
0	Sam looked up to find a leaking toilet .	There was water dripping from his ceiling .
1	Clayton is an actor .	He has the lead role in the school musical .
1	She went to the store to buy decorations .	Ann bought a set of ornaments for her tree .
1	Will greatly missed his grandparents .	His grandparents had moved to another state for warmer weather .
0	Finally , he swept the floors .	Then , he cleaned all of the counters and appliances .
1	After a week of work , I decided to increase my hourly rate .	My parents fired me and decided to do the chores themselves .
0	He was afraid that he might not be popular enough to be elected .	James had always wanted to be elected to student council .
0	One day Tom gets called into the office .	The rest of the office think Tom is a swell guy .
0	Unfortunate however her cookies were burnt .	Luckily she was able to get the smoke out .
0	Bob was happy he got a full ride scholarship .	His hard work at school paid off .
0	He has a long line .	Jacob works at a convenience store .
0	She soon became his girlfriend .	On his first day , he met a beautiful woman that he talked to .
0	I accepted and he raped me .	One day Dave asked me out for lunch .
0	Russ knew he had to put a stop to it soon before it got worse .	He even slows down productivity among the others .
0	Ryan asked Heather did she take it and Heather denied taking it .	Ryan tried to look for it everywhere .
0	Margaret ended up enjoying the day of decorating after all .	Margaret liked spending time with her daughter and ended up helping .
0	She went down a dark road that was covered in water	It was really bad weather outside
1	One day her work had a potluck .	Someone brought rice with celery in it .
1	His friend Jay was sad that he did n't know how to do it .	Fortunately , Tim was nice enough to show him how .
0	His mother gave him her cookbook .	Christian wanted to learn to bake .
0	Carl paid for gas with it .	He took it .
1	Alyssa wore the brooch as often as she was allowed .	Her grandmother passed later that year .
1	Frank decided he wanted to have hot dogs for dinner .	He went to the store to buy some hot dogs .
1	So she took matters into her own hands !	For six solid months she walked miles delivering papers .
0	I did n't get to enjoy the trip as much as I wanted to .	Unfortunately I still had homework to do for my online school .
0	Elsa felt better and was able to sleep soundly .	Ben let her into bed with him to sleep safely .
1	One day he ran out of milk and could n't have them for dinner .	Tom decided that cheerios are not good with water .
1	He told her that she should practice every day .	Amy took his advice and practiced .
1	Tim and Mary invited Susan and Joe out camping on Sunday .	Susan and Joe acted enthusiastic about the trip .
0	As a result , Kelly was grounded .	Unfortunately she spent too much .
1	Mike hired a consultant .	After making adjustments , the hotel is doing better financially .
0	I had to take her to the hospital .	She fell on the floor and was n't able to get up .
1	I had been humming the song No Scrubs for the months .	I barely knew the words , but it would n't get out of my head .
1	It was her birthday tomorrow and she felt lonely .	The next day a girl she had met at the park visited her .
0	I hope to do well on my exams .	I have been busy studying for the past few days .
0	He stood back and measured the distance in his head .	A talented woodworker tapped a nail in place on a board .
0	George felt ripped off and returned the headphones .	Upon using them , he realized that the headphones were low quality .
1	Dylan , the point guard , dribbled it up the court .	At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim .
0	Amber uses the treadmill every day for 4 weeks .	She buys a treadmill for her home .
1	Steven did not eat at any restaurant where they served Pepsi .	He had a strong preference for coca-cola .
1	Unfortunately , she struck the deer .	Her car was ruined .
1	He took an unusually different route that I was n't aware of .	In addition , he dropped me off at an unfamiliar place .
0	It was her birthday .	My son in law facetimed my wife today .
1	There were no magazines in this room .	There was nothing she could do to occupy her time .
1	One day jim found a phone number in a book .	It was written in the cover .
0	She finished her meal and then she began to itch all over her body .	Katy had never eaten lobster before so she tried it that day .
0	Eventually it began to calm down .	Sue 's parrot kept her up all night .
1	Jerry cleaned up the mess with a towel .	Afterwards , he drove to Starbucks to buy a coffee .
1	Matt brought Jamie to see the sunset on the beach .	The beach was Matt 's favorite place .
1	Her cat destroys the scratching post in a few weeks .	She neglects to replace the scratching post .
0	We went to look for the house .	I told my friends the story .
0	When he went to check on them , they were gone !	This zookeeper was in charge of watching the monkeys .
1	I walked into the forest .	After a couple of minutes , I forgot where my camp was located .
1	A church across the street was being demolished .	Gina and her family gathered in the front yard .
1	Bill did n't think Ted would make it .	They went out to the basketball court .
0	Although he had never tried stinky cheese before , he enjoyed it .	At the party he tries many cheeses , including some stinky cheese .
0	She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board .	One summer at our pool party , my mom was caught off guard .
1	He stopped eating processed foods .	He soon felt much better and changed his life for the better .
0	John and his Dalmatian quickly arose and rushed to the fire .	One day at the station , the fire department got a call for a fire .
1	Not just little farts - there were ones you could hear across the room	So for the time being he 's not allowed to sleep in my bed !
0	Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time .	Chris had to cancel all of his plans for the weekend and stay inside .
0	The party tripled in size .	His friend Heath decided to invite more people .
1	I refilled the food bowl and the cat ate .	I sat down and the cat behaved normally again .
0	I realized that prison was actually fun !	They became my best friends .
1	When she got in , she saw her lamp was broken .	She saw it shattered on the floor .
1	One day , I wanted to buy a skeleton .	My boyfriend worked in a halloween store , so I asked him about it .
1	I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients .	I made a beautiful pecan pie .
1	When he looked for an outfit , he could not find anything to wear .	Vince noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it .
1	The contest began and he was doing really well .	Unfortunately , he threw up and was disqualified .
1	Liz tried her best on the test .	Unfortunately , she failed !
1	He forgot to set a timer and the pizza burned !	Now the entire family must go out for lunch .
0	They were delicious !	She cooked the fish and made the slaw .
0	The progress is slow , but it is also steady .	Typically , there would be an artist , programmer , and many more people .
1	As she was reading it , she began to shrivel up .	She told her husband that the house was on the verge of closing down .
0	I decided that I would really like to study geology .	It was very exciting and informational .
0	First I had to read a bunch of stories to her .	My daughter slept through the night in her own bed .
0	They had a lot of fun watching the race car championships together .	He decided to ask his friend to watch the big race with him .
0	When Joe opened his gift they celebrated their pregnancy together !	She prepared his favorite meal and wrapped a baby bottle up as a gift .
0	Tami made up her mind to try out for the JV Volleyball team .	They were for the high school she wanted to attend .
1	One day he came home from a long day at work .	He sat down on his couch that was dirty .
1	He was caught within a week .	Now he 's facing jail time and thousands in fines .
1	It was not a bad car .	We had several warranty issues about the horn and radio .
1	We sat her in her high chair and put the cake in front of her .	She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cak
0	Then she used a rake to break up the clay .	First she pulled out the weeds and thorny plants .
1	The menu was unusual and interesting .	We tried many new things that we had never eaten before .
1	She vowed she would do things nicely from now on .	She would no longer be a mean girl .
0	Sam had to go elsewhere to practice but kept doing so .	Eventually his neighbors complained about the noise .
0	The only one that was n't shocked was Phil 's ex wife , Angelique .	No one in town could believe that Phil left his wife for Laurel .
1	Caroline recently got her nails done .	They were the prettiest pink and very much perfect .
1	The scales and the way their eyes looked mad And scared .	One day , And visited a reptile expo .
1	She gradually increased her mileage .	On the day of her race , she was ready .
0	When I did I found out it was addressed to me saying he loved me .	I searched his apartment up and down to find it .
1	Alex did not feel the need to get a new job soon .	Alex 's parents demanded that he seek some type of work .
1	Joel liked being a bully .	He was riding his bike when he saw Brandon from class .
1	Pat and Tim were eating fudge pops .	Tim had smeared some fudge on his face when he ate it .
0	The traffic lasted for 1-2 hours .	Since she was late to work , she had to call her boss to cancel .
0	Friday morning Ryan felt a sharp pain in his stomach .	His one last night as a free man .
1	Amy loved eating pie , and she could eat a lot of it !	She decided to show off her skill publicly .
1	He was in great need of money , so he considered keeping the wallet .	Instead , he turned the wallet over to the police .
0	He found a fine block of marble and set to work .	A sculptor set out to carve a statue .
1	She did not expect anything from him on Valentine 's Day .	On Valentine 's Day morning , he told her not to cook dinner that night .
1	Deciding the race looked like fun , he started a training program .	The program was challenging , and he got into great shape .
0	He asked his teacher for help , and she said yes .	Josh was n't a very good reader , and that made him sad .
0	The girl was worried about the rabbit , and so she took it to the vet .	One day , the rabbit started getting very fat .
1	Ro had never played before .	She agreed even though it sounded boring .
1	Jake had not done his homework for that particular class in weeks .	He asked if he could make up his missing assignments after class .
0	He finally thought he could beat his friend Jim .	He worked out everyday for six months .
1	Sarah could n't squeeze another hanger in her closet .	She decided it was a good time to get rid of a lot of things .
1	The neighborhood children were having a snowball fight .	At one point , Jill got hit in the face with the snowball .
0	As Linda got up off the floor she threw a pillow at Sam .	It was n't funny at all but her brother Sam started laughing at her .
1	In there he met a Muslim man .	The Muslim man told him to hand copy out the entire dictionary twice .
0	But on that day the creek was overflowing , and I fell in .	It was their favorite play spot , and they went there every day .
0	He loves watching movies .	I took my 3 year old to the movie theater .
1	I decided to make breakfast for my mom and dad this morning .	I made my favorite cereal as soon as I got up for my family .
0	On the way there they stopped near the border .	They were headed to Mexico .
0	His parents understood and decided to make a change .	The doctors told his parents it was unhealthy .
0	Bob realized he was pretty bad at nail-painting , after all .	When he finished , her hands were a mess !
1	Dan slipped and fell down to the ground very hard .	Pete offered to help him up .
0	After taking his first bite , Ben threw up .	Although he refused to eat it , his mom threatened him to eat it .
1	Bob could not sleep due to hearing police sirens all night .	He arrived at his business meeting extremely tired .
0	His credit card was declined unfortunately .	Chris decided to go with the iPhone .
0	However , the hiring manager liked Jane 's personality .	Joe was knowledgeable and intelligent .
1	He asked a volunteer to get the player 's autograph .	The volunteer promised to try but said it would be difficult .
0	She found out he was fired and was furious that he did n't tell her .	His wife went to his work to surprise him for lunch .
1	To her surprise , her friend Jenny invited her husband .	Alana was furious .
1	Nancy became alarmed and treated it as a wake up call .	Nancy quit smoking after her friend died .
0	He had to admit to himself that it was a case of just deserts .	The soda went up his nose , and the carbonation burned painfully .
0	He smiled and offered her something to eat .	She was crying as she explained to an officer .
1	Caleb lived on a wheat farm in Oklahoma .	He dreamed of one day moving to a big city .
1	Joe went to the beach .	Joe brought a towel with him .
0	Mike went home and decided to try to do something else .	He spoke to the press about quitting writing and then went home .
0	When she awoke the next morning , she was frantic .	It seemed to be going well until she fell asleep during her studying .
0	One hour later a man came by and took away all of the free tires .	He made a sign to let others know that they could have the tires free .
0	The training focused on creating and delivering better presentations .	This morning , I attended a training at my work office .
1	Gus always loved Dalilah .	He thought she loved him back .
0	They were developed in the 1930s to modernize transit .	I am a big fan of PCC trolleys .
1	When Henry 's mom came home , she started to arrange the house .	In addition , she ended up moving Henry 's homework .
0	I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt .	Matt was able to get passed it with ease .
0	Susan 's mother let go of the bicycle .	Her mother held the back of her bike as she pushed Susan .
1	He screams in delight when he sees one particular comic .	He tells Bill that the book is worth 100k !
1	There was a sale going on at Best buy for computers .	I looked at everyone of them and they seem average .
1	At the picnic spot , he decided to rest a bit before eating .	Unfortunately , while he rested some ants got into the picnic basket .
1	Tom was on his way to work one morning .	He was pulled over for going over the speed limit .
1	Every year grandma would knit her a new sweater .	This holiday was no exception .
1	He took several minutes to write everything out .	When he was done with the outline , he showed it to me .
0	When it was done , I smelt something burnt .	I hit the popcorn button .
1	Smoke poured from it .	A rock had gotten stuck inside .
1	When he went to tryouts he did a great job .	Chris made the soccer team !
0	She opened the fridge and found some grapes .	She crept into the kitchen .
0	Amy took notes , and paid attention .	She decided to take a vegan cooking class .
1	She glanced through the take out ads and settled on pizza .	Her family shouted out what they wanted while she was on the phone .
0	Fred feels satisfied and happy with his living room chair .	Finally his chair is complete .
1	She has already become a much better and more diverse cooker .	She was so happy that she signed up for three more classes !
1	The machine ended up shaking and the cup spilled .	My mom 's shirt ended up soaked .
1	One day , he was driving and got hit by another car .	Luckily , he was not hurt , and his insurance paid for the repairs .
0	She saved her money for two Year 's so she could buy a car .	Beth got a job when she was fourteen .
1	I fell asleep quickly .	When I awoke , my headache was gone .
1	Carla talked Michael into visiting the zoo two times .	The second time they were there a jaguar escaped its enclosure .
1	He ended up getting lost .	he started seeing public housing and suspicious characters .
1	She traced the route in red and put the map in her car .	Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove .
1	Nate told his boss he would n't shave .	His boss admired his guts .
1	Dan hurried home hoping the teacher had n't already called his mom .	When Dan arrived his mom was on the phone .
1	Kelsi went to the local animal shelter to help out .	She ended up falling in love with a kitten .
0	No one noticed the cheese for three months .	One day , his cheese fell behind the counter .
0	Then , he painted a bench purple .	He painted a fake porch white .
1	Joanie was casted for a reality show .	While she was doing the show , they bossed her around a lot .
1	The teacher read the story to the class , wiping away tears .	A boy Becky admired snorted at the story .
1	He bought it and brought it home .	He now has a new stove that he loves .
0	So Carla 's mother came to the classroom to talk .	Carla 's teacher requested to have a talk with Carla 's mother .
1	Then Neil drives to the lake .	Neil finds his favorite spot to sit .
0	This last valentine card still sits in his drawer ten Years later .	That night my grandmother had a heart attack .
0	I decided to write about dragons .	I once needed to write a story .
1	Two best friends from Boston write a movie together .	They star in it and get it filmed .
0	His skydiving instructor is very nice .	He is very anxious about this , but goes to the airport anyway .
0	He chose to go from dark brown to bleach blonde .	Girls did it all the time , so why could n't he ?
1	Eventually a girl asked him to go instead of him asking her .	He went with her .
1	Holly was feeling very sick .	Her mother checked her temperature .
1	He is the captain of his team so it was vital that he won .	After his opponent fell , Trevor shot the ball right into the net .
0	But his parents only handed him a little box as a gift .	Ty wanted a pet for his birthday .
1	While she was driving she realized that she was lost !	Luckily she had her phone and she used the GPS to get back on track .
1	Finally Horace knows how to make it for himself .	He is happy that he learned how to make rice .
1	Lucy asked her grandma where you would leave one .	She was shocked to find a person brings your bags to your car for you .
1	She had to try out for the boys ' team !	She gave it her best effort .
1	There , he saw the sights .	He went to the many temples scattered throughout the city .
1	Jim 's father loved that TV .	Jim dreaded meeting his father at the door that night .
1	It was kept in a cage in the back of the class .	Occasionally , students were allowed to play with the bunny .
1	I found a new video game online .	I bought the game and played it all day .
1	Jim decided to major in accounting in college .	He did his first internship in an accounting firm .
0	Then , Chaz asked the guests to leave for a bit .	Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people .
1	The day after he finished it , he brought it into his studio .	A few hours later , somebody bought the painting for a lot of money .
0	I could n't wait to go back next time .	I filled my plate to the top .
1	Charlotte wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday .	Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans .
1	Annie asked her coworkers for advice on what to do on the cruise .	Annie looked up the activities mentioned to her by the co workers .
0	The next customer in the store grabbed that coke for his meal .	He put it on the shelf anyway .
1	She had a salad first , so he started eating the chili before her .	He jumped up after the first bite for a glass of water .
0	Brett read the book and it changed his life forever .	The book was the Autobiography of Malcolm X .
0	The airport also had many twists and turns .	I tried to find my way around but the crowds of people were in the way
0	He loved them .	On his seventh birthday his parents bought him a set of toy cars .
1	He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room .	She did like broccoli .
1	The rescue dog arrived soon after .	John was sad to find the barrel empty .
1	Tess and Jane took the vow .	The looked each other in the eyes and chanted .
0	But soon she grew into a great guitar player .	Ana could not remember any of the chords !
1	He went to the doctor .	The doctor gave him medicine .
0	He had never tried briefs .	Sean liked boxers .
0	Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later .	The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window !
0	Both drivers got out of their car without injury .	The two cars spun off the road .
1	She walked into the school and stared at her schedule .	She consulted the map to find her class .
0	They got the ingredients together and started cooking .	Tom and Sue were hungry for pancakes .
0	It had noticed them at the same time they had noticed it .	On the trail in front of them was a huge brown bear .
1	When she went to school , she was very scared .	Karen 's teacher turned out to be very nice .
0	The coffee had n't helped him at all !	But on this day he was still very sleepy .
0	But he had to do homework .	Tim was tired one evening .
0	They finally decided on ice skating .	They had been to the movies and the mall .
0	The day before her flight , her passport finally arrived !	Linda waited for eight weeks but still had n't received her passport .
1	By morning everything was blanketed in snow .	John was amazed at how fast things could change .
1	A neighbor came over and helped me finish .	We finished much quicker as a team than if I did it myself .
0	Alas , it was winter .	So , the city turned off my heating and electricity .
0	It did n't do anything .	He tried replacing the bulb .
0	This concert was the last of the tour .	Gerard was performing a show on his birthday .
0	To be safe , Earl set three different timers .	He put the cookies in when it was hot enough .
0	She worried it would damage the windshield .	Kim heard the sound of the pebble hit the glass .
0	He decided to buy a set of 20 gel pens that were blue .	He tried out all the pens on display to see how they felt .
1	To his surprise , his teacher informed him that he had passed .	Arnie was confused .
0	He had been entrusted to make sure the burgers were perfect .	John was very focused on the grill .
1	Sean liked boxers .	He had never tried briefs .
0	He gathers a wide variety of stamps , both rare and common .	He decides to become a stamp collector .
1	He put in a chocolate bar for his dessert .	When it was lunch time he took out his food .
1	She decided not to spent more money .	She went to the library instead .
0	Every day he would consume gallons of hot sauce .	He was addicted to hot sauce .
0	She transferred the sweets from the box to her own platter .	She went to a bakery and picked out fancy macaroons .
1	He told his math teacher that he memorized 50 digits of it .	But she told him it was a waste of time .
1	When he brought the box out her face looked panicked .	She told Jack she did n't want to marry him .
0	A week later the bed arrived and Billy took it out of the box .	Billy decided that he would buy Mittens a bed of his own to sleep in .
1	Her brother played piano well .	She asked her brother to teach her .
0	He screwed it into the wall about shoulder level .	Eli bought a new pencil sharpener .
1	They ate a lot since the food was food .	When the waiter handed the bill , everyone was silent .
0	But when he arrived at class , there was a substitute teacher .	Rick had a science test .
0	He has to write performance reviews for each employee .	Jeff is the boss at his company and oversees thirty employees .
0	But her mother tells her that she is too young .	When Jen is 10 years old she wants to wear makeup .
1	All of a sudden someone came up to me .	They were talking like they knew me .
1	Ava agreed , and switched the funds into the CD .	Soon she was earning lots of interest on her money !
1	Her husband , Tim , was skeptical .	She ended up burning everything .
0	After a few months , his chest because huge and muscular .	He decided to do the bench press instead .
0	Norm found a first edition of a Hemingway novel .	He especially liked cheaper old books in good shape .
0	Jim brought James home and fed him dog treats .	Jim named his puppy James .
0	I had locked myself out .	I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys .
0	A few seconds later , it started to vibrate and laser shocks were sent .	She placed it in the microwave .
0	She studied for two solid weeks trying to prepare .	Taylor was very stressed out about her finals .
1	One day his coworkers take him to a local Indian restaurant to try it .	Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious .
1	Jeanie snuck a handful of coins from her dad 's change bowl .	Dropping her off at camp , her parents gave Jeanie ten dollars .
1	He worked hard and felt that he deserved it .	But when he asked his boss , he was denied .
1	A year later , the pup was nearly a hundred pounds .	Ann discovered its papa was a Saint Bernard .
1	He went to Denali national park .	While he was walking around he heard someone shout out to him .
1	He was swimming when he noticed something in the water .	It looked like a floating stick .
0	Since she thought that my homework was trash , she threw it away .	My mom was cleaning out the table .
1	Dave stopped the dog and saved John .	After that John was much nicer to Dave .
1	The place was packed with several people .	When I served one particular kid , he got on his knees and thanked me .
0	Amy surveyed the box .	Amy 's mom brought home boxes of Cracker Jack .
0	I hugged her and let her know everything will be ok .	I told her it 's ok and that everything will be just fine .
1	Tom made a new friend named Jon .	Jon was a straight A student .
1	The dealer there gave me a price estimate for a new car .	I negotiated the price down by six thousand dollars .
0	Simon counted his fingers again , but there was no mistake about it .	He paced some more , until he stopped in the middle of the room .
1	Her neighbor offered her a ride .	Eve thanked her and obliged .
0	She did not own the book , so she went to the library .	Jan needed to read a book for class .
1	I decided it would be a good idea to start saving .	I drove over to my local Etrade office .
0	When he got up to the cashier they told him he was the lucky winner .	Luke camped out to be in line for the pre sale of movie tickets .
0	With only seconds left in the game , the quarterback threw a long pass .	The quarterback called for a passing play .
1	It caused a traffic jam in the city .	I was late to practice .
0	He loved it .	His mother decided to sing to him .
1	They wanted something that would appeal to customers of all ages .	Finally , they settled on root beer floats .
1	But the city said she could n't park on her side of the street .	Kim was forced to park across the street .
1	Eventually , a group of security officers attacked her .	They told me that she violated her house arrest restrictions .
0	There were so many interesting things at the mall to look at !	Jake went to the mall with his mom .
0	It was time to shop for a bathing suit .	Lucy worked hard and lost a lot of weight this year .
0	He left India , where he had been journeying , and went to Nepal .	Neil wanted to see the mountains of Asia .
1	One day they found a great big puddle in the backyard .	They put on old clothes and boots .
0	He went to the store to buy some hot dogs .	Frank decided he wanted to have hot dogs for dinner .
1	Fred finished after some hours of hard work .	Fred took his family and drove to a safer part of the region .
0	Instead , it was part of a high school science project on currents .	I opened the bottle and did not find a pirate map .
0	He found a chair with great back support .	He went to Staples to purchase a new chair .
0	Careless Jack is now a dead man , and his fate was sad .	One day , Jack was followed home .
1	My fingers are hitting the wrong keys and it makes the task harder .	So this story will end with me going to bed . Gooodnight
0	At first , Chris and Aimee were discouraged .	Due to the poor economy , they needed a 50k down payment .
1	But when she went into the kitchen , she was disappointed .	All the milk was gone !
1	She really hated the thought of throwing away food !	Then she had an idea - she would bake a banana cake !
0	I wrote my essay in record time .	After the third beer I really felt alive with ideas .
0	He never thought much about the people he worked for , until one day .	Being a pizza delivery man , Harold knew everyone in town .
0	In the battle he pretty good .	Will practiced for weeks before the battle .
0	He has the lead role in the school musical .	Clayton is an actor .
0	They would go fishing and sometimes swimming .	Thad always loved going places with his dad , especially the river .
0	She started eating more vegetables and less fast food .	Sarah wanted to be more healthy .
1	He travels to the river to try fishing for salmon .	Jake eats the first salmon he catches from the river .
0	The juice went all over her mom 's antique table cloth .	Suddenly , she bumped the cup and it spilled .
1	They decided to play basketball .	They met at the park .
0	Now , Jim 's cat lives in Jim 's house and it is his pet .	Soon , the cat began to trust Jim and followed him inside his home .
1	Padraig chose a spot to dig in the dirt .	After days , he found a large skull of a reptile .
1	I 'm not a fan but still predict who 's going to win .	So far I 've been really accurate .
0	She owed property taxes , and had to pay up front !	Upon arrival , she was hit with a rather sudden realization .
0	She wanted to get a souvenir for her friend .	Madison was at the aquarium .
1	Each morning he got up two hours early to peddle his papers .	And within a month he 'd earned enough for a big new bike !
1	They let me try a dorito before it was cooked .	The soggy chip made me throw up .
0	He decided to go to his local electronics store .	He had just gotten his tax returns .
1	Although he got every question correct , she gave him an F .	He was immediately confused and contacted the principal .
1	Amy had drank a cup of coffee and 2 Red Bulls in one day .	It was the most caffeine she had ever had in a day .
0	They spoke online for a few months before exchanging phone numbers .	Carrie met Michael on Christian Mingle .
0	He went inside the front door and it was so dark .	He saw an old farmhouse and decided to explore it .
1	It 's the first vehicle he has ever owned .	He drove it everywhere and loved to show it off .
0	Shalil still got his yearly bonus .	Many digital news outlets covered the researcher 's work .
0	He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes then went home .	He began to walk around town looking for some sort of employment
1	Yesterday I had the day off from work .	I made myself a bunch of snacks and got some beers .
0	The umpire was not sure if this was acceptable .	The coach painted the baseballs pastel colors for the game .
0	However , he does not know what to cook for them .	Javier decides to invite his friends to his home to have brunch .
0	She was in the middle of stirring the pasta .	She had added all of the ingredients and was letting it cook .
0	Frank asked her out on a date .	He quickly realized that she was amazing .
0	One day the neighbor 's dad came knocking on the door .	Jimmy would spy on her with his dad 's hunting binoculars .
0	Jim was so excited to learn a new skill .	Soon the project was done !
0	After several hours they finally made it to the top .	They took their time , but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee
1	Walking further into the house , Sam saw his hosts on the back patio .	Sam was shocked when he saw they were robots too !
0	He dribbled the ball very well through all of the cones .	Brian competed in a soccer skills competition .
1	He did n't tie his shoes one day .	Billy tripped and flew onto the pavement .
1	She painted white primer on the walls .	After a few hours , she painted on the new colored paint .
1	She had to pay for tv , the internet , and her phone .	She regretted moving out of her mom 's house at such a young age .
1	Rob hated the second grade .	Every day , he went to the school nurse and begged to go home .
1	Suddenly the fire alarm went off .	I left my room and headed to the stairs .
0	The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs .	We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday .
1	Jake had anger issues .	He was playing videogames with friends .
1	So he drove his truck down and bought it with cash .	He now rides with a smile every single day .
1	Jessica decided to file for a divorce .	Paul and Jessica finally went their separate ways .
0	Medical experts ran out to aid him .	Darren fainted on the field suddenly .
0	She shared her problem with the librarian at her local library .	She had no way to go to another library .
1	Barbara looked preoccupied and sad at work .	Her husband told her he was laid off from his job .
1	She arrived and everyone made her feel welcome .	Lisa left school having one of the best days of her life .
1	Erin noticed a cold draft coming through her window .	Upon further inspection , she found the seal was poor under the sill .
0	He went to watch television but realized he was hungry .	So he put bread in the toaster .
0	The bird freaked out and began flying all over .	When the door was open , a bird flew in .
0	If I would have played in school I would have learned everything .	I have so much fun now playing it but I 'm still rusty on the rules .
0	His teachers told him his grades were too low to get into law school .	Matt had always found the court system interesting .
0	I had a habit of swearing in the absence of my parents .	I once had a parrot .
1	First they took a train to a distant city .	Then they went with their aunt to museums and zoos .
1	He finally got his coffee but it kept him up all night .	Kelsey knows better than to forget his coffee in the morning .
0	Mandy dumped him .	She noticed Tim was protective because he was cheating .
0	He loved doing experiments in the basement .	David was excited when his parents bought him a chemistry set .
0	Nearly everyone was hesitant to try it at first .	He brought everyone some baklava .
0	Gina had a hard time choosing from so many options .	The Footlocker store was 3 times the size of Payless .
1	Ella went to study in England for a semester .	At first she wondered why everyone drank tea all the time .
0	My side went up quickly .	She jumped on the seat .
1	Sal had a toga party with his friends .	After the party , he decided that he wanted to wear togas more often .
0	Larry visited Alaska to experience the snow .	He often looked at pictures of the snow .
0	She looked everywhere for it .	Katie was getting nervous because she lost her puppy .
1	The teacher called on everyone to turn their work in .	Beal turned everything in , despite not finishing his work .
1	They got into an argument .	This lasted for months .
0	He went from school to school taking in the culture .	A road trip was the answer for this .
1	He finished all his chores after dinner so he could watch it .	He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink .
1	Chris loved the car very much .	Chris thanked his parents sincerely and graciously for the car .
1	Jim had lost his book .	He searched his entire backpack , but it was n't there .
0	They moved back to New England in 2001 , much to our joy .	We helped them move and waved goodbye .
1	Downstairs from me lives a man with an overbearing personality .	He can hear me walk down my stairs and often meets me at the bottom .
0	They police arrested Bob and sent him to jail .	Sure enough , he was stopped by the police .
1	Tia 's neighbor handed her some mail that had been wrongly delivered .	Tia smiled , grateful for her kind neighbor !
0	She found a puppy that she liked .	She walked by all the dogs .
1	I found it was hard to button my pants .	I researched and found a company that had pants with velcro snaps .
0	I bought a salad spinner and now they take very little time to make .	It 's so time consuming tossing the salads .
1	One runner tripped and fell on his face .	The other runner ran past him and won the race .
1	She had to call a mechanic to tow it .	At the garage , he inspected it and delivered bad news .
0	My wife found a recipe for banana bread on the internet .	We froze the bananas .
1	Finally , she found one that suited her perfectly .	She bought it right away .
0	He announced that today is the final day to drop any classes .	The teacher made a message to the class .
0	The noise was him , practicing new dance moves .	I got up and crept into my brother 's room to see if he was awake .
0	She sat in an office with windows and waited to be called .	She was alone for the majority of the process .
1	After 6 months the indentation was deep so Amy took it to a shop .	The man at the car repair shop told Amy there was a hole in her floor .
0	Mark was thrilled when it was announced he was the first prize winner !	When the judges arrived they all had high praise for his project .
0	In spite of that , Betty was determined she would learn to bake .	But when she was finished , the cookies were burnt and misshapen .
0	He apologized and I thanked him for doing so .	I asked him to do so and he agreed .
0	He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online .	This afternoon , he set out to enhance his tin foil hat .
0	Sam wanted the blanket for his bed .	Sam and Tom were fighting over a blanket .
0	I decided to murder her so I could get the money .	It was worth millions of dollars .
1	Mary and Lou decided to buy a parakeet .	On the way to the pet store they saw an injured bird .
1	Then she calmed down .	She had had a nightmare , that was all .
0	But , it was too expensive .	I liked drinking soda .
1	Debra is from the United Kingdom .	She does not understand why Americans like snow cones .
1	Everything fell down and broke .	Jeb was so sad that he never played earthquake again .
0	Kay looked out the window , and saw a cyclone in the distance .	Kay and her mom were driving home from the Mall .
0	He needed time to study .	Kevin had a big test coming up .
0	Kevin was very tense while watching the game that night .	He had a good feeling that he would win a lot of money .
0	The girls looked at him and started to laugh .	Billy fell down on the ground .
0	When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast .	I built a ramp about halfway down the hill .
1	My sister-in-law Martha has to mind her daughter 's cat .	Her daughter 's place is being sprayed for roaches .
0	He packs his bags and boards the flight .	This year he saves up his money for a big trip to Tulum , Mexico .
0	She fired me on the spot .	In response , I told her to go jump off of a building .
0	He called a friend of his .	He did n't want to be late .
1	It was my first game to watch .	As I watched the game it was actually quite boring .
1	A bored artist looked out the window at the landscape .	He decided to paint the landscape .
1	Tim returned the drill to his neighbor .	The neighbor later found the broken bits and cursed .
1	On the first day , they got lost and Rich sprained his ankle .	They were worried they would have to call for help .
1	He did n't feel like cooking .	He wished he had a wife to cook him food .
0	It looked great after .	She then replaced the bandage .
1	She was about to quit her job of 3 years .	It was difficult and she dealt with rude people .
0	Tom had learned to say no to drugs .	Tom 's friends asked him to smoke .
1	Soon , they heard loud screams and loud banging !	The ran away fast and went home the next morning .
0	He turned the wheel to steer the boat into the bay .	Yuri shoved his boat from the dock .
0	She ran as fast as she could , and the dog passed her .	One day , she became startled as a dog ran up to her .
1	Neil was on his way to Italy .	He had left Spain on a high speed train .
0	They walked into their house and were even scared to drop her .	On the way home , her and her husband were nervous .
1	Kathy got very sick .	She hated taking medicine .
0	So he decided to play basketball inside .	But it was raining outside .
0	He hurriedly opened the bag and swam to the surface .	He woke up hours later in a garbage bag under water .
0	So he decided to take it to a mechanic .	Tom 's car was n't working right .
0	It was a great and fancy night .	I did my hair up and accessorized .
0	She was debating what kind of cone to get .	Ava was at the ice cream parlor .
1	I scrubbed all the wax that I could out of my ear .	When I was done , my hearing felt more clear .
0	The cafeteria ladies prepared the snacks for the kids .	For snack , the children ate fruits and vegetables that they had grown .
0	She got distracted and was two minutes late coming back downstairs .	While waiting for clothes to be done washing , she went upstairs .
1	He tried replacing the bulb .	It did n't do anything .
0	We decided to donate the extras to a homeless shelter .	We ate as much as we could but there was still leftovers .
1	She became one of the best origami artists in the world .	Alas , she developed carpal tunnel syndrome and had to stop origami .
0	Annie 's mother begged her to get to the dentist to have it checked .	She tried to ignore it for a few days , but it kept getting worse .
1	Dan looked at the time and saw how late it was .	Instead of starting a fire he put on more layers of clothes .
1	He would spy on her from his window .	Once Liberty caught him peeking , and undressed for him to watch .
0	Once the mirror was clean he shaved his face .	Red wiped down the mirror to see better .
1	Linda decided to purchase two guinea pigs .	Linda loved her new pets and bought two more .
1	Carol and I bought her a potty chair .	We both introduced Anna to her chair and the first night she used it .
0	He rolled his truck a hundred feet down a ravine .	Ed lost control at the peak of the cliff .
0	She decided to paint the shutters of her home yellow .	For a while she wondered what she could use the yellow paint on .
1	She started to drink coffee .	The caffeine helped her stay awake in the mornings .
0	Every year , Claudette convinced George to take his vacation elsewhere .	Every year , George would tell his children that he would visit them .
0	Finally , he thought of something good .	His ideas were not too exciting .
1	Rodney had gotten his friend a great Christmas gift .	He invited her over to celebrate the holiday .
1	Tom heard a scratching noise coming from the attic .	He went upstairs to check it out .
1	He blamed Mike for his own mistakes .	And he quit playing .
0	Only problem is she broke her foot on a landing .	She got her to perform , and it was great .
1	The essays were to be no more than five pages long .	Max turned in a paper having written on it only the word this .
1	Mia sat at home in her living room watching sports .	Her favorite soccer team was playing their rival .
1	I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons .	Every time , I would fall asleep before the end of the show .
1	It was his best friend Steve .	Steve brought over a board game .
1	She picked through every box of comics she could find .	After a long time of searching , she finally found a worthy comic .
1	Tom was going to his high school reunion .	He was nervous because he had n't see his old friend in years .
1	On the day of the reunion , I put the location of the event in my GPS .	I then began to drive to the location .
0	He was walking home from work .	Sam lived in a low income area
0	Then he had an excellent lunch of street food .	He saw many churches and cathedrals .
1	He asked if she wanted to catch up .	She agreed so they went to dinner .
0	He sometimes sneaks into the theater .	But he loves watching them anyway .
1	The kids wanted to do something special for Mother 's Day .	They knew Mama wanted a vacation .
0	He really regretted leaving his family .	Life got much harder .
1	Bob was doing the laundry .	He accidentally washed his clothes on hot .
0	I managed to get home safely .	The cars next to be saw the light and stayed in their lane .
1	The sirens went off and they were loud .	I was really scared .
0	I noticed no improvement at all but my body really hurt .	I did every machine as heavy as i could every day for a week .
0	He saw some red spots on the pocket .	Carson put on his favorite white dress shirt .
1	She decided to go to the show anyway .	Rhonda thought the comedians were hilarious .
1	She was leaving him with his dad .	Dad and Alex helped mom put her things in the car .
1	Wayne loved music .	Music was his favorite class of the day .
1	Once , a monkey got into my girlfriend 's house in India .	The monkey was eating almonds out of a glass jar .
0	Tim would throw his dog the ball all the time .	Tim had a dog who loved his ball .
0	He found a deal through eBay .	Jimmy searched online for a new laptop .
0	Tay knew he could win the race .	Tay and his friends were racing bikes .
1	After the show we decided not to get a hotel room .	The hotel rooms available were either expensive or not clean .
1	It was to build a shelf , so they found the right tools .	They got started in the garage , and finished in an hour .
1	Larry 's basketball team was made of of really short players .	Every week they got beaten by the taller teams .
1	Sandy arrived to work to meet a bouquet of red roses on her desk .	Sandy was intrigued to find out who the flowers were from .
0	They ran all over the park to find the eggs	The kids took off running .
1	They only needed to win one of their remaining four games	They lost the first 3 by large margins .
1	No one questioned her , because she worked at a food magazine .	One day , Lisa 's friends decided to plan a potluck .
0	The kids collected a lot of candy throughout the night .	We walked up and down several streets .
1	He found a broom and swept the porch meticulously .	Tom was happy to see the porch was n't dusty any longer .
1	They were at Jake 's house .	Jake ran and asked his mother if he could have one , .
0	They called their new game Monkey Chess .	They did not know the rules so they made them up .
0	One day , he saw a girl doing some interesting origami .	James was in fifth grade .
1	Upset , I forgot about it .	Then luckily I got a call and they had one for me .
1	Marsha went to school every day to learn .	She loved to go to school and see her friends .
0	When they told their parents , they were forbidden to visit the man .	The man showed them his cages filled with exotic singing birds .
1	Brenda woke up from a heavy sleep .	The shadow on the wall and screeching sound sent chills through her .
1	I went to the garage and grabbed the pressure cleaner .	I brought it out to the driveway and hooked it up .
0	She was walking fast and trying to get through the crowd .	He was far ahead and there were lot 's of people between them .
0	I gave them a hug at the end of the day .	They said that I was an extremely wise and a considerate patient .
0	Amy was thrown through the windshield and injured badly .	Her car slammed into a telephone pole .
0	When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk .	He walked to the window and watched people come into his bank .
0	She also brought her own healthy lunch .	She started walking to work .
1	Marge was at the home improvement store .	She was trying to choose a paint color for her house .
1	She was trying to take her hair out of it 's ponytail .	Somehow , the hair became caught in the tie .
1	He politely declined and told me that he chooses to live this way .	Eventually , I walked away .
1	They put butter on the floor and slid around laughing .	Their mother was furious when she saw the mess .
1	Gus forgot to take his lunch to school .	He was very hungry but he did n't have any money .
0	The Giants had pulled off the biggest upset in sports history .	But the Patriots missed some key plays , as did the refs , and lost .
1	So she started to play Dance Dance revolution every day .	That game really made her work up a sweat .
0	They were perfect for the big dance coming up .	Tammy fell in love with a pair of heels at the mall .
1	She bought boxes that were too large .	We had trouble lifting them on moving day , but we managed .
1	Bill 's dad opened the closet door and turned on the light .	There was nothing inside but Bill 's clothes !
0	So Jim and other neighbors kept complaining .	It always barked all night .
1	She shops when she is happy .	She has a problem .
1	He looked for a fan that could blow cool air into his room .	And he settled on a powerful industrial fan .
0	I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away .	He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money .
0	It stretched for miles across the town .	When I looked up there was a rainbow .
1	However unfortunately the kids got tired .	As a result they stopped cooperating .
0	He waited until it was safe before he drove again .	Ed decided to pull over .
0	Kim 's small compact car was being pushed about as she drove home .	The wind was high and hard on the highway .
1	His mother took him to see Santa , but he had no great hopes .	When Santa asked Timmy if he had been good he simply said no .
0	But one day , Tim decided to microwave pizza .	So his parents told him to never use the microwave .
0	I followed the guides , and waited for a few months .	I looked online for guides on growing peppers .
1	She had no idea who could have sent it .	Despite her efforts , she never did find out who sent the candy .
0	Professor Smith did n't remember the student and was worried .	At church one Sunday , a student stood by him to talk to him .
0	After a few hours , I remained awake .	I tried to go to sleep .
1	He gathered his tools and material supplies .	He labored all day to finish the job .
0	After that Tom felt much better .	His mother gave him soup and vitamin C .
0	They had to walk around for an hour before eating .	Unfortunately it was n't open during lunch .
0	Gina spilled half her chips on the sidewalk .	She stumbled over the large , raised crack .
0	Luckily when she walked out she got the job .	She went in shaking .
0	He also enjoyed the yummy street food .	There , he admired the architecture .
1	I got a hamburger on the way home from work .	Afterwards , I felt guilty about not sticking to my diet .
0	Once the walk was done , we went back inside and had some coffee .	It was raining a little so we had to be fast !
1	The lady behind the counter declined initially .	Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps .
1	Josh worked on Mechanical Turk .	He did a lot of work for ROC-NLP-Research .
1	The painting was from 1928 .	My niece is a big fan of Frida Kahlo .
1	She saved her money for a long time .	When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store .
0	She had a cup of ginger-ale in her lap .	Frannie was on a flight .
1	A cat ran across their path .	Hal 's dog strained so hard , the leash broke !
0	After a few hours , he realized he needed his parents .	He packed his clothes and some water and left .
0	He went in and heard so many noises .	He felt nervous .
1	Suddenly , the car jerked forward and hit her car .	It ended up scraping her car badly .
0	She always startled when jack jumped up .	Milly was playing with her jack in the box .
1	Kate had the perfect church home .	The one place for peace , praying and gathering as God ask her to .
0	Jim decided he needed some help .	Jim was able to buy a guitar and tried to learn on his own .
1	I went there after they said it would be done .	I had to wait 15 minutes longer than I was told .
0	Why did he always yell at James ?	James knew that it was his fault , but did n't understand his brother .
1	Some of the clubs have great wine .	Also some of the clubs have bad wine .
0	He gave them all the beer in stock .	Someone came in to rob him .
1	I was n't hurt , but my car was totaled .	I called the police and I safely made it home shortly after .
1	When it was quiet Amy 's dad went out to see the damage .	To their surprise the tornado had missed their block .
0	Dave lost forty-five pounds !	He began studying these videos , making changes along the way .
0	I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday .	My boss pulled me aside at work .
0	Since I was n't paying attention I ran a stop sign .	I was talking on my phone in the car the other day .
1	She was very excited as they went into the pet store .	Jessica picked out a pretty black and white kitten with blue eyes .
1	Bobby 's father grabbed a flashlight .	They headed down to the beach in front of their hotel .
0	She learned a recipe .	His girlfriend wanted to make them for him .
0	The first one was n't what she expected .	Gina had 3 books on dolphins from her library .
0	He would continuously check his phone messages while driving .	Gil was an inattentive driver .
0	Eric ran off and hoped that he was not being chased .	A park ranger saw this and yelled at him .
0	I got the tv , put it in a cart , and went straight to check out .	When the doors opened , I went straight to the electronics section .
1	She wondered why she had bought them all .	Then after dinner that night she got a surprise .
1	Until she meets her new boss .	He has her running personal errands for him all day , every day .
1	A major street near Gina 's home was closing for repairs .	Gina did n't think the street was in bad shape .
1	She figured the snake was dead , so she placed it outside .	When Emily looked out later , the snake was gone .
0	He ended up getting so tied up that he could not get free .	One day Sam got all caught up in some string while he was playing .
0	When we got him home , he was so happy too !	We were so happy to have found this dog .
1	It was the perfect size .	The took it the their car and tied it down .
1	He spent hours looking online and going to lots of different stores .	Finally , Larry founds the perfect guitar .
0	Then she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends .	But she was a terrible spendthrift and could n't save a dime .
1	Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess .	After cleaning the mess , Ted walked back inside feeling good .
0	He asked him to pick up some wine too .	He called Danny back .
0	He was a sprinter with very fast speed .	Rob ran for his high school track team .
0	She ran through the terminals .	Lulu was on her way at the airport to Florida .
0	Then , she baked the cupcakes .	She did n't think that was right but went for it .
1	My friends and I went to the A & P grocery store during a big sale .	The store is closing , so we bought a lot of food for not a lot of cash .
1	So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends .	But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun .
1	A man bought a label maker and began to label everything he owned .	He then charged admission for ESL student to come and study his house .
0	I ran into Sarah and Lucy who were apart of my group .	Today I drove to the library in order to meet up with my group .
0	He had taken several Years off school and was scared of college class .	Charles was afraid he would never finish college .
1	She needed to use the restroom badly .	Every nearby bathroom had a giant line of people .
1	She drink way too much and felt terrible .	She passed out and her friends were concerned .
1	James wanted to play outside in the snow .	He found a nearby hill that looked great for sledding .
1	I picked out some nice frames .	Two weeks later they were ready , and I was now a glasses wearer .
0	However , I took a Russian literature class in college .	I had never been interested in learning to speak Russian .
1	She did n't want to be rude , but she did n't want to eat it either .	When her grandma was n't looking , her dad moved it to his plate .
0	She cuddled with him on the couch while he recovered .	Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work .
1	My wife drove off to work , and I woke up the kids .	On her drive in she blew out a tire .
0	It was an intense competition .	She agreed .
0	Tina introduced herself and said the teacher already knew her .	The first day of ninth grade Tina had to introduce herself in class .
1	He ate it anyway .	He told him he would replace it .
1	Ron hated music and thought it was all annoying noise .	Most days he enjoyed simply sitting in silence .
1	Mike had to go to the doctor .	He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work .
1	But he did n't know what toppings he wanted .	Several minutes later , George did n't feel hungry anymore .
0	After three days , Molly had blisters all over her feet !	Molly insisted on getting them anyway .
1	Eventuality , they manually fixed the ride .	After that , they let us down safe .
0	He decided he would start again after Thanksgiving .	Jim stopped working out for 2 months .
0	Then his mom sent him to rehab .	He tried to quit on his own , but could n't .
0	It took me an hour to warm up again !	When I got home , my fingers and toes were numb from cold .
0	That trip showed me how smart these creatures really where .	They performed gestures and the chimp would repeat them .
1	Bob 's friends dared Bob to eat a rotten banana .	Bob accepted the dare .
1	He wanted his son to play football , instead .	Jeremy did n't tell his dad he was given a solo for the choir concert .
0	They had to build the tree from pieces .	It was a lot of hard work , because their tree is artificial .
0	With one hand dangling and hold on he falls .	About a quarter of the way up he slips .
0	As they gathered around the tv the news began .	He made snacks in anticipation of the premiere .
0	They wore costumes .	They threw beads .
1	She had a great time there .	She met many friends there .
1	Tom decided to bring his dog .	His dog loved riding in the truck .
1	They had a proper chat and he promised to call her again .	Prima was delighted with how the courtship was going .
0	Maggie was happy .	Her parents immediately put money under her pillow .
1	This afternoon , he set out to enhance his tin foil hat .	He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online .
1	If you 've eaten them you know they are rather tasty .	They were the favorite food of my friend Mack .
1	Gina needed to turn on the water hose .	But there was no handle on the spigot .
1	The low down scoundrels who did it demanded a ransom .	Father refused to pay it , out of principle .
0	My family and friends were extremely happy when they got their gifts .	As a result , I decided to buy a few gifts for Christmas .
1	She lit a couple of candles for ambiance .	Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room .
1	He invited all of his friends .	Tim played music over his huge surround sound system .
0	She begged her parents for it as a gift .	Kelly really wanted the new Chanel bag .
0	The mail truck makes a loud squeaking sound when it stops .	I can always tell when the mail truck is coming .
1	Alfredo buys a great stereo system on sale at a local store .	He sets it up at home and it sounds great !
1	Then she bought a disposable camera .	She snapped lots of photos during her trip !
0	Everything looked great .	I also put fairies around the house .
0	One day the boyfriend found it .	It was when they were fighting but she thought she threw it away .
1	Finally Emily asked him why .	He explained that a penny was only lucky if it was heads up .
0	In class , he was asked to go first .	He also added a few special effects to it .
1	He felt sure he could sail west and arrive there .	He got ships from the Spanish rulers .
0	I became even more frightened when I realized I was hiking alone .	We had been walking for a long time and I felt scared .
0	However , this was a different thanksgiving .	Thanksgiving is usually ok .
1	Amy and Kim stayed over Lynn 's house .	Lynn suggested they sneak to the park .
0	He was very glad he hired one because he found lots of issues .	His friend teddy said he should hire a home inspector .
0	She was so worried about what she would wear .	Kerry had a party to attend .
1	As much as he liked to play football , it frightened him .	He wanted to live on and stay with his family .
0	The two were losing to the other team .	Frankie and his friend Josh were playing Halo online .
1	Joe brought home a can to collect for UNICEF .	He planned to bring the can trick-or-treating to fill it up .
1	There , he found an old toy he had n't seen in years .	The toy brought back a lot of memories and emotion .
0	One day , he had an away meet at another school .	Justin was on the track team at his school .
0	Santa also smelled heavily of alcohol .	Santa 's lap had become very wet .
0	A block away , a vicious snarling dog rounded the corner at me !	At 5 o'clock I walked down the street toward my mail service .
0	Kim is much happier now .	She quickly found a new job where she was treated better .
1	Lakyn and her her boyfriend had been discussing engagement .	Lakyn was very worried about him picking a ring she would n't like .
1	He figured he should call her and tell her .	He called her and told her to get ready .
0	Finally her brother gave them back .	She could n't figure out who stole them .
1	All of the jokes were very funny .	The bartender wrote down all the jokes that everyone said .
1	The man on the phone laughed .	The father got mad and hung up .
0	On the day of the race they were neck in neck .	Ed bet a steak dinner that he would beat Don .
0	A full fight ensued .	Suddenly , Jordan jokingly sloshed some on Callie .
1	She went to the store and bought an expensive cream .	The cream said it would reduce Iva 's wrinkles in six weeks .
1	She had made a list and wanted to hurry home .	When she was looking at the list a man bumped into to her .
1	Jim had a week off from work .	He decided to go on a short vacation .
0	When Nina confronted her , she became even meaner .	A girl walked past and shouted something rude .
1	She was ready , but very nervous .	She got on stage and gave it her all .
0	His mother bought him new shirts and jeans .	He went to the mall with his mother .
0	Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie .	Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away .
1	Amazingly , he ended up throwing a no-hitter .	I will remember that game for the rest of my life .
1	Everyone brought a different dish to pass .	While a lot of them were similar , there were some unique ones too .
0	It ended up being way too deep , with waves I could n't handle !	When I got there , I went straight to the wave pool .
0	In the beginning of the class , my presentations were horrid .	Public speaking was almost an area I struggled with .
1	Julie worked at a diner .	One morning , she slept through her alarm .
1	Jim gained weight after eating poorly .	He tried to put a belt on but it would not fit .
0	A post told him to disable one of the problematic system daemons .	Bob researched on the Internet for many days .
1	Tom 's business decided to buy a franchised hotel .	Tom decided that the design and layout of the hotel was inefficient .
1	There was a steep hill which was hard to ride up .	Amy was sweating and panting as she rode up the hill .
1	She received a call one day .	Sally won the spree .
0	She hoped it would look like she was exercising .	She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground .
1	There was a hurricane blowing into south Florida .	The news report stated the hurricane would be mild and quick .
1	After some time Mitch said that he 'll take the job for $ 100,000/year .	Mitch 's confidence impressed the interviewer so much he accepted .
1	He cooked a big stew all night since they could never go out to eat .	Jim brought the stew and he and his friends at it while they worked .
0	Finally i found her in the neighbor 's yard .	I looked everywhere for her .
0	Very shortly after he found twenty dollars on the ground !	The boy took it home and decided to walk with it on him .
1	To recover , the politician just kept moving forward .	After the speech , the politician gained a lot of support .
1	Angela had gained some weight in her belly .	She started going to more exercise classes to shape up .
0	Dropping her off at camp , her parents gave Jeanie ten dollars .	Jeanie snuck a handful of coins from her dad 's change bowl .
0	I was sad all day long .	I dug them out of the closet and tossed them in the trash .
1	I decided to get a pet kitten .	I went to the pet store and looked around .
0	They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art .	The kids were all very excited .
1	Peter denied the that he stole the baseball cap .	When Harry was convinced and left , Peter showed everyone his new cap !
0	One friend fumbled a word as he tried to pronounce it .	Two friends were talking to each other on the phone .
1	Ted lost his car keys .	He looked everywhere for them .
1	Jim started the piece with by painting a rainbow .	He then added a beautiful sunset .
0	I went home and hung out with my friends .	I bought snacks and cigarettes .
1	Maude fell down the stairs and broke her ankle .	She shrieked something fierce , so Uncle Bob came running .
0	Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats .	She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament .
1	One day a co-worker offered to pick up a burrito for her .	Amy ate the burrito and was unimpressed .
1	He checked his phone and saw the game was going into overtime .	He tried to get back in the arena , but the doors were locked .
0	It did n't take him long to get into the swing of things .	Turning his computer on he realized there was a lot of work up !
0	Unfortunately their boat was vandalized one winter .	They loved spending time as a family on the boats and swimming .
0	He decided to try one last time to get published .	Every time , his work was rejected .
0	He showed his dad who looked upset .	On night while eating the breading fell off her son 's tofu .
0	I was so shocked , I immediately kicked both of them out .	Suddenly , he hit me in my face and tried to fight me .
1	She told him he was going to be a father !	Jon wept openly , swearing to never commit a crime again .
0	It chaotically sprayed water everywhere .	Carl 's sprinkler was broken .
0	She went to the home store and bought several bags of grass seed .	She had no grass in her yard but desired to have some .
0	When she came back in she sneezed a lot and caught a cold !	In her excitement to go out and play Jessie forgot to wear a coat !
1	At night , they were able to see the stars using the telescope .	Bryan had fun that day and felt happy when he got home .
1	Lisa tried online dating .	She is forty-one years old and gets feedback from guys younger .
0	She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day .	Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad .
1	When it ended , she was n't quite done reading .	She decided to cut her next class and read in the library .
1	He had set his stove way too high of a temperature .	Jerry let the flames die down .
1	Tom began having children with his wife .	As his kids grew they complained about his work schedule .
1	Gina woke up at noon to discover it was another hot day .	She decided she would stay in the basement all day .
1	She wanted to know what they had done .	The kids were accused of throwing rocks from the roof of a building .
1	They got along very well .	Now , they 're best friends .
0	She was greatly relieved .	Jane got a perfect score .
0	The person who bumped into me started to hurry off the bus with my pur	A person bumped into me .
1	Hey mom saw the cracked dish .	And he was not allowed to wash dishes again .
1	In 2nd grade he gave up hockey for basketball camp .	In 3rd grade he gave soccer a try .
1	I woke up one morning and got dressed .	I had a package in the mail at the post office .
0	She noticed a dog in the diner .	Susan went to the diner to get a hot dog .
1	James bought a new book online .	When the book arrived he opened the package with excitement .
1	Sue became scared and decided to change her lifestyle habits .	She ordered fluoride free toothpaste online .
1	Finally we decided to get one last week .	We picked a rescue from the local pound .
0	Halfway there , the elevator ground to a halt .	Eliza took the elevator to the 34th floor .
0	They told me that she violated her house arrest restrictions .	Eventually , a group of security officers attacked her .
0	The ammo at the range was very expensive .	Instead of getting his ammo , he bought ammo at the range .
1	Eva sold more cookies than anyone else in her troop .	Eva earned the nickname , `` Cookie . ''
1	Some kids placed bets on him .	Luckily , he did win on the crane game .
1	Since Drew was bored , he decided to grab Diana .	He was trying to spin her around horizontally .
1	I tried calling to check on them but they never answered .	After going to their house to check on their animals , I tried calling .
0	He followed it until he found the end .	The man saw a rainbow .
0	Both of his sisters and his baby brother thought that was cool .	Eric 's dad was a Baptist preacher .
1	She saw a cool booth for left-handed products .	She was left-handed and had never seen anything like that .
1	So I decided to rest my feet for a few days .	I 've avoided walking and have been massaging my feet regularly .
1	He dug a lot of holes .	It looked terrible .
1	An alarm went off and they started to panic .	The cops came in and arrested all of them .
1	She tried out , but she did not make the team .	The coach told Ida to practice and try again next year .
1	They go every week .	Their favorite part is feeding the ducks .
1	I signed up for online classes with Les Brown Inc .	I ordered the materials for the training .
1	To her surprise Dr Pratt was very gracious .	She liked her a lot .
1	He hid the empty wrappers under the other kitchen trash .	He insisted to his mom that he had n't eaten any candy .
1	No matter how hard he tried , he could n't lose any weight !	Bob 's wife told him that she loved him just the way he was .
0	They could n't wait to land .	The girls were on the plane for fifteen hours .
1	Kurt 's older brother told him that he only needed practice .	So Kurt started playing the it whenever he had free time .
1	Lucius realized he did n't fear aging .	He drove to his grandfather 's house after school to be with him .
0	She did all the typical tourist things .	She finally saved enough money to have a vacation there .
1	The only station I could pick up was a talk radio station .	The announced told listeners to stay on the smooth tip .
1	Abby finds the class interesting , but very difficult .	After graduation , Abby remembers her Chemistry course fondly .
0	The cream said it would reduce Iva 's wrinkles in six weeks .	She went to the store and bought an expensive cream .
1	Unfortunately someone broke into her house and stole all her money .	Tina 's Christmas was ruined .
0	And the hot weather did n't help .	It was more work than he realized .
0	My Mom and I are laughing at her .	She is about to pull her hair out !
1	The police officer was driving across the street .	He noticed a man , with a dark skin tone , carrying an expensive watch .
1	However , he accidentally threw a red dress shirt in the washer .	When the clothes were done , he straightened the clothes .
1	A game with their biggest rivals was coming up .	The coach had them practicing twice a day to prepare .
1	Chad decided he would order the diamond necklace for his wife .	Chad hoped that his wife would love the necklace he bought .
0	One day , as she walked she picked flowers .	Nell loved to walk in the field behind her house .
1	Still , it 's a job and I need money	So I made them and got paid anyway .
1	Soon her cravings got fewer and milder .	After a few weeks she did not even miss carbs at all !
0	He tried to put a belt on but it would not fit .	Jim gained weight after eating poorly .
0	He accidentally dropped him lunch money .	Tim was walking to school .
0	She took drama class and acted in a school play .	Andrea was a teenager who wanted to be a movie star .
0	She decided she would be happier in a place where it rained often .	A girl was fascinated by rain , even though she lived in the desert .
1	Lucy gave Bob some medicine that she use to take .	Within hours Bob started feeling better .
1	He checked all the user forums for information .	He kept checking the site every two or three minutes .
0	Mark just shrugged and told him to put his towel back on .	Jim stood up and asked why they were there .
1	He went up to her and planted a kiss on her !	They left together and had lunch not far from the taqueria .
1	Jim 's friend gave him some advice .	And suggested that he could learn enough online .
0	He woke up today and decided he would quit .	He smokes six cigarettes a day , every single day .
0	He ended up failing and close his doors a year later .	He tried for a year to break into the market .
0	One the night of the reunion it did n't want to zip up .	It fit tightly in the store a month ago .
0	Tears ran down her cheeks until someone behind her paid for her .	Her card was denied .
0	Paul did n't feel the same for Emma and rejected her .	Emma fell in love with Paul .
0	One day she was walking into a store and saw a puddle .	She is always very well-kept .
1	She prepared by sharpening her pencil .	She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous .
1	Jenny needed some free time to write her book .	Her publisher was calling her asking when she was going to finish .
0	Brian was nervous as he went up to the plate .	The game was almost over , and the bases were loaded .
0	He sat down to read a book , and he saw a man with the same book .	There , he ordered his favorite coffee drink , an iced caramel latte .
1	He did n't have any more money to get another .	Tim 's brother offered to share his .
1	She was scared of the risks , but eventually she decided to do it .	After the surgery , she awoke feeling apprehensive .
0	Cards went all over the table .	He tried to shuffle the cards but he dropped the deck .
1	Ronald was really excited to get the newest iphone .	He waited in line for hours until he finally bought one .
0	My friend and I decided to join in on the fun .	By his house , a lot of people go cliff jumping .
1	She could n't find her cell phone on her nightstand .	Cheryl hid under her bed until morning .
1	After three days at sea , Travis had a huge catch .	Travis returned to the village as a hero .
0	They forgot his order .	His pizza still did not arrive after an hour .
0	He told her that in order to get it back , he has to beat her in chess .	Gary stole Hannah 's teddy bear .
1	The guests had a blast .	The girls could n't wait until next year .
1	They did n't see how she could earn a living by traveling .	But then Pat became a tour guide in Asia .
0	He took a class on how to fly them .	Steve wanted to fly planes .
0	He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him .	He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling .
0	We had a lot of fun building our sand castle .	The waves crashed on the shore and washed the castle away .
1	John is sleepy .	He starts a pot of coffee .
1	Roger opened the door .	There was no one there .
0	She gained entry into a prestigious dance school .	But Karen , ignoring their cruelty , worked hard .
1	I bought snacks and cigarettes .	I went home and hung out with my friends .
1	This guys stayed on the wildest bull for over eight seconds .	Even though this bull had thrown off everyone , Bill was the best .
0	He 's making ham and potatoes .	Julio is excited for family dinner .
1	One of the requirements was for her to cheer in a quiet room .	She tried to , but it felt awkward and did n't sound good .
1	I told her that what he did n't know would n't hurt him .	She responded by slapping me right across the face !
0	Suddenly she heard a loud , crashing , sound .	Gina was asleep in her room at 8 AM .
1	Elizabeth has a big exam tomorrow morning .	When she wakes up , she realizes she forgot to set her alarm !
0	The first few days she showed no progress .	So i took it to get trained .
1	James loves to go fishing	He would always bring his dog .
0	Kiki found it to be more difficult than she thought it would be .	She wanted to try to breastfeed her baby .
1	Right next to his creepy dog .	Bill kept on being creepy his whole life .
0	Rob thought the game was going to be boring .	The game the system came with was Sonic the Hedgehog .
0	She loved them !	She went to see them the first day they arrived .
0	She tried not to scratch it .	It itched badly !
0	She went through the entire recipe step by step .	She had asked her husband to pick up the ingredients .
0	I immediately got furious and called customer support .	I checked the screen and it could n't turn on .
1	Anaya was given the task to rename many files .	She worked for hours typing each new name , one at a time .
1	However they were really expensive .	So , I never expected to actually get one as a gift .
0	Jake was sad about his loss and ate the rest of his cone .	As he was about to eat the top scoop of ice cream fell .
0	Simon jumped up , baseball bat in hand , to see what happened .	Suddenly there was a crash in the hallway .
1	Marty checked to see if everything was set up correctly .	He fixed a letter which was off in the forwarder .
1	Joan bout some bread and water for the man .	The man thanked Joan and ate what she gave .
0	She decided to hike on a new trail that just opened up .	She went by herself because she was familiar with the mountains .
0	We decided to go rock climbing .	One day , my friends and I were wanting to hang out .
0	She asked her friends and they did n't know anyone .	Karen wanted to meet a man .
1	She realized what she was missing and told Albert how she felt .	Albert forgave her and the two began to date .
0	She cooked herself spaghetti and meatballs .	She went to the kitchen .
0	He figured it was his shoes .	His students liked to tease Jackson .
0	But she was n't about to tell her mother that .	Gina did n't know where the key was .
1	He met a nice woman and they went out for coffee .	However , Horatio did not feel a strong connection with her .
0	I spent a week working on a nice logo .	I called the number on the ad and entered my name .
1	Gina was on the phone with her friend Drea .	Drea felt betrayed that Gina chose to go to North High .
1	He called up the TV station to let them know his rage .	John felt better once he made the call .
1	But she got carried away .	And the large blaze caught the tent on fire !
0	They still provided her with the best service they could .	She was nasty and demanding to the staff .
0	The first time he used it he fell .	Tim got a new skateboard .
0	Eventually she got more comfortable and did a good job .	She stumbled over her first few words .
1	He had a special surprise planned for the big day .	The entire wedding party practiced for months working on a flash mob .
1	He once went to a nice Italian restaurant with his family .	He decided he would order a pasta with a nice bolognese sauce .
0	In order to make ends meet I ate peanut butter sandwiches a lot .	When I first moved here I was very poor .
1	A bit too much fun it seemed as it came out of my hand .	I lost my balance and the phone smashed the ground .
1	When she got home she opened the box to have some cereal .	She noticed that the inside bag had been opened already .
0	She thought it would be okay since the weather was still so cold .	She left them in the trunk of her car so the kids would n't find them .
1	Sam and Tom were fighting over a blanket .	Sam wanted the blanket for his bed .
0	She was asked to join a garage band with some kids from school .	She taught herself how to do both very well .
1	Jerry was making toast .	He set it to medium .
1	When I was 15 , I had an imaginary friend .	My imaginary friend was named Jeff .
1	Kayla could n't wait to go horseback riding .	She had never been before .
0	He became very good and actually travelled with the team .	He then was asked to join a wheelchair basketball team .
0	So he shocked a lot of people when he did what he did do .	Eddie was a church deacon .
0	She called up her mother .	She was lonely being by herself .
0	Throughout my teenage years , I was obsessed with movies .	When I was little , I wanted to be a movie director .
0	I learned a lot about Spain .	I took many notes .
1	Once I had the money , I bought more beer .	I drank the beer and was very happy .
0	The dentist found two cavities .	He was not taking good care of his teeth .
0	It was one of his closest friends from high school smoking in his car .	Kevin walked over to the car and recognized the guy behind the wheel .
1	I set up the tree in front of my front room windows .	I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree .
0	She ended up failing her History class .	When she got to school she could n't find her report .
1	When his parents found him drawing on the wall , they were upset .	However , they decided they were going to give him more attention .
0	Instead of trying again , I ordered pizza instead .	I cleaned it up .
0	Victoria 's Secret seemed a little too suggestive .	A PS4 was out of the question .
1	I have not been in a parade in Years .	I picked out my outfit and had my hair done .
1	She took them home and read them all .	Now , she knows a lot about samurai !
1	The doctor told Jack to go to the emergency room instead .	An ultrasound showed that Jack had appendicitis .
0	He created his own lemonade stand .	Dennis wanted to earn money for himself .
0	Alan had to walk back four blocks .	By the time he realized , it was too late .
1	She got into her car to drive to work .	Her car would n't start .
0	Mike was devastated for a long time about his loss of music .	All of his classic music collection was lost in the fire .
1	He never won any championships .	He was still liked by most .
0	Then she began looking at cooking pots and pans .	She drove to the store .
1	She decided to make some from scratch .	Luckily , the fries came out really well .
1	Freda wants to try painting her nails a new color .	She looks at all of her nail polish and decides on black .
0	He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk .	He lived in a big urban city .
0	At the end of the day , Sasha 's face and shoulders were very red .	She spent hours swimming at the beach .
1	Matt had taken six different babysitting jobs in one day .	The first was a rowdy 7 year old who loved to play basketball .
1	Greg was terrified and believed he would die .	When the turbulence stopped , Greg realized how lucky he was .
1	She had no way to go to another library .	She shared her problem with the librarian at her local library .
1	She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her .	However he allowed her to play with the ball as well .
0	She gazed up at its impressive height .	There , she went to see the Eiffel Tower .
1	Lori was watching her aunt 's house .	She decided to borrow her new car .
1	She felt sad and stopped visiting regularly .	Then Ann got a call from the nursing home .
0	To her dismay the steak was rare .	She ordered a steak .
0	She apologized and stated that her ex boyfriend had come to town .	It was strange that on Wednesday , she came to the office hung over .
0	Afterward he lost his job because he was too emotional .	His wife left him .
0	I kept him company , as he is a lonely old man .	I saw my friend Joe sitting in lobby today .
1	I was stumped .	Then , I realized I had never plugged the waffle iron in .
0	One day , during a race he got gashes on the side of the car .	He drove the car a lot , and sometimes raced with it .
0	The food was good .	We ate at an Italian restaurant .
1	She got her to perform , and it was great .	Only problem is she broke her foot on a landing .
1	Steven took beginners classes and improved his skills .	Steven worked his way up to advanced classes with seasoned performers .
0	It was not his .	Nick got a coat in the mail .
1	Chris was out hiking at night .	Suddenly he realized that he was lost .
1	One of the little girl 's got a new dress and showed her friends .	One of the other girls said the new dress was ugly .
0	Kim did n't get discouraged , she is looking forward to her next cruise !	She spent most of the time in the bathroom or in bed .
0	Overnight delivery got the package to the house on time !	She ordered the one thing she could afford off the list .
0	She was interviewed at a fast food place .	Martha needed a job .
0	They planned everything out perfectly .	They decided to go on jungle trekking adventure .
0	He could n't leave the table until he was done .	He hated the taste .
1	He went to the store and bought lots of stuff .	When he got home he made her a giant breakfast .
0	I turned on the water sprinkler to give the grass a good drink .	One morning I left early for work .
1	Mom was unhappy about the stickers on the walls .	Liam had to clean all the stickers off .
1	The car could n't move since it was in the water .	Luckily , the driver came out of the lake safely .
1	After her rough day she just wanted to go home .	Grandpa decided to get Lucy a treat .
1	Jake asked what the problem was .	Jake 's waiter responded rudely .
1	And the goose made loud honking noises .	It was enough to wake up Sarah in time .
0	Tom knew he was not great enough to earn a scholarship .	Tom wanted to play in college .
0	She noticed that every other student had a laptop instead .	Her first day of class she brought a notebook and pen with her .
1	Then one day her little daughter Sal approached her .	Sal begged her mommy to quit smoking .
1	He joined the gym .	The gym instructor told him to run .
0	We ended our trip back in Jersey	We got to explore many of the country 's natural wonders .
1	Suddenly , Jordan jokingly sloshed some on Callie .	A full fight ensued .
0	Matt was able to quit by keeping himself preoccupied with school .	He uninstalled the game .
0	I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay .	My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill .
0	I saw some monkeys .	I went to the zoo .
1	Knowing this , the bus driver still wanted me to get out .	After walking out , I became soaked from the rain .
1	There was one little boxer puppy who was very cute and adorable .	He pulled on Kate 's pants leg while barking .
1	I opened the vent .	I forgot to move my face away from the fireplace .
0	His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one .	Joey always wanted a puppy of his very own .
1	Although no one knew him and felt awkward , he tried to be nice .	He simply spent all night eating food .
0	Doug left his wife Robin for Tracy .	Tracy is fearless , smart and a winner .
1	All of a sudden , the top of the fan dropped from the ceiling .	It landed on the gaming console and broke it .
1	He took photos of everyone around him .	He developed the prints and gave them to his friends .
0	His homework was to read chapter 4 of his math book .	Tim had trouble paying attention .
1	She asked me if I was hungry .	I went to the kitchen to make a sandwich .
0	She promised to never get another one but his dad did n't know this .	But one year he told his mom his hate for them .
1	One by one , the students grabbed trays from the dining hall .	They slipped them under their shirts or behind their backs .
1	I walked the dog for about twelve blocks .	The dog jerked free and ran away .
1	Inside , they talked and waited for twenty minutes .	Author started to cough and had to ask for a glass of water .
1	One day she smelled a horrible odor .	She started to walk around the yard .
1	He did not heed his doctor and kept drinking .	He died of a second heart attack a few months after the first .
1	But her piercing became red and swollen .	It had gotten infected !
1	A red fire ant fell out .	Peter screamed and went to get a glass of water .
1	Three weeks later she got a phone call .	The contest administrators were calling to say she 'd won !
0	Jessica yelled and ran from the room .	A lightning bolt had struck her bedroom ceiling .
1	Todd brought the cookies to the register .	He reached into his pocket and discovered his wallet was missing .
0	He was almost blind without them .	Eric had glasses his whole life .
0	We were stopped at a stoplight .	I noticed a car coming my way had their headlights off .
1	Aaron began digging line to create a boundary .	Their efforts worked , and Aaron got a commendation .
1	Bryan was running and realized his shoe had ripped .	Bryan was forced to go home and get his spare shoes .
0	She tried to screw it back in .	She blamed her sisters .
0	Her hair is now to her hips .	So Roxy decides to cut 10 inches off all by herself .
0	He could feel its power getting stronger and stronger .	It pulled at his eyes and tempted him to rest his head at his desk .
0	I stayed up all night until 3 in the morning .	Last night was brutal .
1	He was watching a movie when his headphones broke .	He begged his mom to stop for new ones .
0	Eventually Tammy found cat poop in her closet .	She thought maybe it was due to the difference in brand .
0	She immediately called security .	He tried to touch her and asked if they can go out .
1	His students liked to tease Jackson .	He figured it was his shoes .
1	She was devastated .	She had to find a new store .
0	She had received an A and passed her course .	She finally received an email with her test grade .
0	Thinking resourcefully , Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer .	Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice , but there was n't any !
0	However , I had to pay $ 40 for parking .	Since I felt bad for her , I decided to take it .
1	The company revealed surprising information to her .	Nita was not Irish at all - she was French !
1	Suddenly , a woman behind him bumped into him .	Her alcoholic drink spilled all over him .
0	One day Asa decided to take Cooley on a hike .	Cooley was a good dog , but he liked to run away .
0	Occasionally I will break one accidentally while solving .	I especially like the ones with loops and chains .
1	He noticed an apple tree laden with fruit .	He stopped to pick the fruit and took some home .
0	Her mom presented Ella with a pair of pink high heels .	So she asked her mom to borrow a pair .
1	Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked .	Sally bought the puppy and brought it home .
0	Unfortunately I told her that we could n't keep it .	She fed it and it clung to her so she brought it indoors .
0	He was about to grab a banana .	Tom was looking through his pantry for a snack .
0	The included my wife , two kids , a grandchild and 3 in laws .	We had dinner in Brooklyn tonight .
0	A carton of eggs fell onto the driveway .	Suddenly , one bag tore open .
1	Louis leaned over to look out the window .	He totally forgot there was a cactus plant .
0	Bob told his brother he should join the team at school .	He tried to take him down but it did n't work .
0	The day of tryouts came and Meg 's friends cheered her on .	Her friends helped her practice every day for a month .
0	They went to the closest berry farm .	Julia and Michelle deciding to go blueberry picking on a summer day .
0	Tim made millions from his videos on YouTube .	He spent many hours creating videos of scenic outdoor nature shots .
0	Kelly had to stop .	The bowl dropped on her toe .
1	They did not have a happy marriage .	They tried to fix the marriage but they could not .
1	No matter how fast I went they kept chasing .	I had to run to my car and drive away from the darn ducks .
0	I followed his advice and my hands healed .	My doctor told me to start applying lotion every morning .
1	On the way there he forgot his money .	He went home and then proceeded to go back to the deli .
1	I always play my mom in Tennis at least once a month .	I have been taking lessons and getting a lot better .
0	Unfortunately , she falls asleep in the morning and misses the test .	She crams for the test all night .
1	The staff were friendly and helpful .	The course was in amazing shape .
0	She told Jack she did n't want to marry him .	When he brought the box out her face looked panicked .
0	His brothers said he was too small and scrawny to play with them .	His classmates would n't let him be on their team .
1	Her family wanted to do something special for Karen .	Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise .
1	He decided to take his sister and mother in law fishing .	They chummed behind the boat for 2 hours .
1	The Johnson were dismayed about the bad timing .	Mr Johnson decided to take his family out for a walk .
0	The movers loaded the truck with the boxes and furniture .	He packed up all of his belongings .
0	He dropped his phone in the bowl of soup .	He saw a funny video on his phone and laughed uncontrollably .
1	The anticipation nearly killed him .	Raji enjoyed himself and already made plans to attend another match .
0	So , I was not surprised when he quit .	I could tell the substitute was overwhelmed after a few days .
1	Afterwards , I was told I had a cold .	After taking the medicine I feel much better .
1	When the cars were delivered , he realized the supplier made a mistake !	The cars all had supercharged turbo engines , so they were very fast .
0	He spoke with many other people at the church .	At the church he was impressed with the the stained glass windows .
0	Stacy cuddled up next to Will and fell asleep too .	Stacy , Will 's wife , came home early from work and found Will sleeping .
1	Jll is excited when her boss quits .	She is in line for a promotion .
0	Shortly after , the student 's grades began to drop and he felt awful .	During his senior year he met a girl and they fell in love .
1	She put the water on to boil .	While she waited , she got out the macaroni and cheese .
1	I was very religious .	One day , my father passed away .
0	Although many of his friends have gray hair , he does n't like it .	Reginald notices that his hair is becoming gray .
1	Then , she picked the pillow up and brought it home .	It was n't really helpful for illness , but it was a cozy pillow .
0	Eventually collection agencies were after him .	He had no way of paying it back .
0	I mustered up the courage to ask her out .	I met a beautiful lady while I was in college .
1	He placed him on top of his bed .	Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts .
1	I can always tell when the mail truck is coming .	The mail truck makes a loud squeaking sound when it stops .
0	He would always listen to music .	Tom loved music .
0	She sees an injured bird on the ground .	Emily is riding her bicycle home from school .
0	It was coming out of the gas station .	I saw a fire as soon as i pulled up .
0	His average improved from a 61 to a 73 .	He went to the bowling alley 4 times a week during the summer .
1	Franco has started a new job distributing flyers for a coffee shop .	At first he is embarrassed to distribute flyers in public .
1	Ed bet a steak dinner that he would beat Don .	On the day of the race they were neck in neck .
1	Anna hid her in the basement when the Nazis searched her house .	After the war , Anna adopted the girl as her own .
0	I did quite a few tasks .	I learned a lot of new terms .
0	The last year of her life , she did it all , even though she had cancer .	The whole family came every year , packing her little trailer full .
1	Her grades have been steadily declining as a result .	Her parents took her phone away from her until she gets her grades up .
0	Eventually Sally stopped under a big oak tree .	She started following a path that was littered with marbles .
0	They headed down to the beach in front of their hotel .	Bobby 's father grabbed a flashlight .
0	He totally forgot there was a cactus plant .	Louis leaned over to look out the window .
1	Soon he saw his little girl playing her role .	He was so moved , he nearly cried !
1	She began practicing it with them everyday for hours .	In a month 's time the boys could recite their alphabet on their own .
1	Jane was late for her dentist appointment .	She grabbed a cookie to eat on the way .
0	i benched 200 pounds of weight .	We did some bench pressing .
1	When I got to my front door , I heard voices inside my apartment .	I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise .
1	Gina 's family was going on a road trip .	Her siblings were in the car asleep .
0	He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act .	They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack .
0	He lived in a hot climate and the summers were brutal .	Lane relied on a portable air conditioning unit .
0	Dan 's new motorcycle gathers dust in the garage .	That night , the news showed a man killed on a motorcycle .
0	She went to the Home Ec room .	She had no place to replace it .
1	I fixed the weak spot in my fence .	I hope no more cows try to test my fence .
0	He decided to do something about it .	He felt like a fool .
1	My friend and I were very bored .	We looked around for something to do .
0	When it was time to go he could n't find his phone .	Marvin had a date with his girlfriend .
0	The quarterback threw me the ball and I caught it and ran for my life .	It was game day and I had a feeling I was going to score .
0	I made a beautiful landscape .	My friend loaned me some paints and I went to town .
0	They gave him to the pound .	They all wished they had not gotten him .
0	We go to the water slide parks .	My kids love to visit Myrtle Beach .
0	She went to the mall and visited some shops .	She decided to decorate her house .
0	He loved the small town he stayed in .	Sam went on vacation to the beach .
0	Bill offered Pam a hot cider , which she accepted .	While waiting for the program to begin , she met Bill .
0	When the results came in she had seen that she won .	Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot .
0	Bernard only uses it when one of his kids is in trouble .	His wife Gail calls it the `` BIG voice '' .
1	Unfortunately , his family was too poor to afford piano lessons .	To pay for the lessons , Mitch got a job delivering the newspaper .
1	His date did n't care .	She suggested they dine and dash .
0	After Jerry followed them , he started feeling a lot better .	He found one website that offered many tips .
0	He could give it to his sister .	He could give it to his mom .
1	Ben asked what it was .	His guide explained that it was quicksand !
1	I took my family to the museum one day .	We were looking at an exhibit when we heard a boom .
1	Zachary knew that he had a special ability .	He knew instantly when someone was lying .
1	They went into the garage and turned on the music .	They kids seemed to calm down .
0	He smiled big when he saw her .	Amy arrived at the park and found Ben waiting for her .
1	But her mom convinced her to appear anyways .	And people did n't laugh - they cheered and applauded !
0	Emil was scared that he would have to go thirsty .	There was no clean water nearby .
0	He works very hard and is successful .	Tom must give up his french fries and lose weight .
1	Bob had recently acquired an old box of storage from his grandfather .	He decided to look through it one day .
1	One year , in his 30s , he decided it was time to call it quits .	On his farewell tour , he breaks his knee in a game .
1	Clutching his stomach , her neighbor howled with laughter .	Snatching up the underwear , she flushed scarlet with embarrassment .
0	Luckily , things died down and she was okay .	For a while they were worried that she was in labor early .
0	He tried so hard to write a book and persisted for many years .	He suffered through a lot writer 's block .
0	They stopped the car , got out , and took a photograph of the flowers .	They discovered that the flowers were blooming .
1	They had their cameras charged and ready to take pictures of animals .	Early in the morning they set out with their tour guide and group .
1	Sarah was walking along with her friend Brittany .	They were both searching for something to purchase in the mall .
1	Beth worked through her lunch and was hungry .	She was upset to see the cafeteria was closed .
0	It was large in diameter .	She came across a rare chestnut tree .
0	To her dismay he seemed not to care at all .	Gina hoped it would upset him .
1	I 'm starting to think that I should n't go to bed hungry .	I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my fridge .
1	Mark woke up on Monday morning with a terrible cold .	The worst part of Mark 's cold was his awful cough that would n't stop .
0	They were told that there was a short wait .	Jason was on a date at a restaurant .
1	Kelly decided to take a girls trip to Vegas .	When the girls got there they went over to the club .
0	Gina and her friends told her all they knew .	She wanted to know about the brand new desk in their classroom .
0	Yesterday his stomach hurt and never let up .	My husband works hard on our farm every day , even when he 's sick .
1	He finally talked to a professional .	Now he is able to work out his problems .
0	In one battle , a cannon blew off his leg .	Ben wore the colors of the Confederate Army .
1	She started up her car .	All of a sudden , she noticed her tail light was off .
1	On the same day , he also took her to the movie theater to see a movie .	Afterwards he confessed his love for her .
1	Due to a special scholarship , Brian was able to attend a good college .	Brian studied political science and philosophy .
0	His board showed bags of sugar representing the amounts .	His project was about the amount of sugar in different drinks .
1	We twisted and turned very fast .	I started to feel sick .
1	Nora was n't a very careful driver .	She often talked on her phone while driving .
0	In addition , several of her papers broke loose from her bag .	A sudden gust of wind blew towards her .
1	The visit had been way too long .	She hopped in the car and looked back at the house .
0	Kelly was afraid , but she agreed to give it a shot .	Her cousin took her to the beach to try her hand at surfing .
0	Tabitha decided to choose that book .	She suggested a wonderful picture book about a girl on an adventure .
1	When she returned to the kitchen , the turkey was gone .	She found her dog laying in his bed chewing on it !
1	She tried to pull it out but it was too slippery .	Finally she tied some dental floss around it .
0	They had their ups and downs , but were generally happy .	One day they decided to start dating each other .
0	After that he was always careful with knives .	He accidentally sliced his thumb open .
1	Florence tried a few and thought they tasted good .	When she went home she was happy to have tried something new .
0	She promised her fans another one once she felt better .	Carly decided to cancel the concert .
1	His cat was keeping him up all night .	Jim decided to play with his cat .
0	Instead of an incandescent bulb he 'd buy some LED ones !	When he was looking online to buy a replacement he had an idea .
0	She soon entered a photography contest and won first place .	Gloria loved the camera and quickly learned how to use it .
0	She decided to enter a race to show off her rowing skill .	Leah rowed her boat every day .
1	Then we got a flea collar for the cat .	After a few days our bites went away .
0	None of her friends stayed to help her .	After the party there was a big mess to clean up .
0	He threw Charles into the deep end of a swimming pool to die .	His mother got a new boyfriend who did n't like Charles , the baby .
0	Beth asked Bill how she could learn .	Bill was a competent software engineer .
0	One day , he bumped into her in a coffee shop .	He always decided it was never the right time .
0	One male cat comes to our window everyday .	She attracts male cats at every apartment we live in .
0	Kevin forced the FDA to inspect him by doing food processing .	He munches on his merchandise in front of people .
1	He works on a cruise ship .	One day , a very famous actor went to see his show .
1	Mark did n't think his profession would interfere with his friendship .	But his perception changed when he represented his friend in court .
0	As she began to taste it , her taste buds exploded .	The peanut butter was in powdered form so she just added water .
0	He was worried he could n't keep up and would n't get to talk to her .	Unfortunately Steven lost his breath every time he ran .
0	Early in the morning they set out with their tour guide and group .	They had their cameras charged and ready to take pictures of animals .
0	Jill turns on the radio and listens to the weather .	Jill gathers some food and blankets and goes to the basement .
0	But , her gums were very sore after the appointment .	She was supposed to go to dance class right after .
0	They went duck hunting for a day .	His dad thought it was a good learning lesson .
1	Last place guy went to the sidelines and cheered everyone else on .	The winner of the race thanked the last place guy for the motivation .
1	When I looked inside the box , there was a vase .	Before I can say anything , he ran away .
1	Monica was at an auction .	She saw a rocking chair that she really wanted .
1	The next day , Tanya took Dan to an empty building in school .	She asked him to go out on date with her .
1	She made it worth while to work hard .	My career has taken off thanks to my wife .
0	I forgot to move my face away from the fireplace .	I opened the vent .
1	Kim felt sorry for her target and she marketed to him a room for rent .	Kim 's target moved into the house with her mother and sister .
0	All of a sudden , he heard a loud crash outside .	Todd was busy watching the news .
0	Mark was not used to exercising and it was hard for him .	He came home and decided to go for a jog .
1	But one day , a girl approached him while he was playing at lunch .	He was asked to prom by her , and as a gift she gave him an action toy .
0	They searched the fridge for something to eat .	It was now 11 PM , and she and her siblings were hungry .
1	Andre kicked the flowers anyway .	Andre was grounded for 3 months .
0	Alex became angry and scolded Cole .	Cole jumped into a puddle of mud by the entrance .
1	Janet was very excited that it was Christmas so she could open gifts .	She raced downstairs to take a look at the presents under the tree .
0	Sarah 's mom knew Sarah was too young for her own pet .	Sarah always wanted to have a pet cat .
1	He spends the whole day swimming there .	Johnny is glad he found a way to stay cool .
0	Jake got married in shorts and a t-shirt .	The stores were all closed .
1	We were playing on black top .	I tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out , I hate PE .
1	Ava was skiing one day .	She had been out on the slopes for hours .
1	He eventually recommended a crested gecko .	We purchased the crested gecko to pick up on Christmas Eve !
1	Joyce waved to her but received no response .	At school the next day , Joyce asked Jill why she did n't wave back .
0	She left the room sobbing and never taught again .	Someone threw a paper airplane at her .
1	His friend tells him to try using a language learning software .	Jackson tries the software but he wants more practice .
1	One day he hit his biggest winnings yet .	He scratched off a $ 250,000 winner .
1	Randy was going on a cruise with his friends .	He had just gotten a brand new stereo system in his car .
1	He picked 10 lemons and brought them inside .	He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher .
1	One day , his dog knocked his laptop out of his lap .	The laptop fell to the ground .
1	I was ordering pizza for the family the other day .	We were going to split a big one .
0	They decided it was a tie .	Four hours passed and they still did not have a winner .
1	The splinter hurts Thomas .	He decides not to brag so much about his woodworking skills .
0	She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye .	At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier .
1	He had a lot of fun doing this .	He got caught going down hill in a low gear and could not slow down .
0	Hank then went to brush his teeth .	The next morning , he had an awful taste in his mouth .
0	His car began to stutter when he tried to start it up .	He accidentally put diesel instead of gasoline into his car .
1	She was in her room alone .	On the ceiling , she noticed several dozen baby spiders .
0	Worse it was red and off putting .	It had lots of iron and other sediment in it .
0	I limped home , bleeding , to the `` i told you so '' of my parents .	I rode that bike and crashed it at high speed .
1	Tom had spent his day planning a big vacation .	He had gone on lots of websites and called a lot of hotels .
1	Last night I was going to watch top chef .	I had the television ready .
0	Her parents took her phone away from her until she gets her grades up .	Her grades have been steadily declining as a result .
1	Jason decides to buy an Apple Macbook .	Jason goes to the Apple store and purchases his new laptop .
0	He was very hungry .	One day a man came in .
1	After looking in the newspaper , he found a job offer as a salesman .	Sam went to an interview and got the job .
0	Vicki designed an exceptionally safe skyscraper .	Vicki visited a very tall building to study the upper levels .
0	Thankfully it did n't break .	It hit the floor and scratched .
1	To her surprise , it was n't too bad .	Anna decided to drink tea more often .
1	Today I raked my entire backyard .	There was a lot of dead grass that needed to be cleaned up .
0	I went to the local gym and setup a membership .	It was high time to get started working out .
0	Gina took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle .	She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil .
1	He went by himself .	He sat in his hotel lonely .
0	Me and my wife met up with the bartender .	Since the traffic was huge , I ended up reaching to the bar late .
1	She drove 200 miles to the nearest store and bought a new one .	When she got home the new file did n't work so she had to go back .
1	She incorporated her spices into each cut of meat .	Her spiced sausages became legendary in her town !
0	The doctors and nurses did not listen to her .	It was a terrible experience .
1	They wanted to see who could hold their breath the longest .	Mary won because she held hers from 25 seconds .
0	It was difficult and she dealt with rude people .	She was about to quit her job of 3 years .
1	He asked his parents to buy him a skateboard for his birthday .	Simon 's parent 's thought skateboards were dangerous .
0	My feet were soaked due to the rain .	The bus was late so I waited for one hour .
1	The test cubes ended up on the ground .	The teacher told everyone to move away from the puddle .
0	He took her to dinner .	She picked out a dress .
0	I fixed the issue , and then bought the part with no problem .	I called my bank and they told me I had a problem to work out .
1	So they went to a mountain to hike .	They hiked all the way to the top .
1	She decided to get a straightening treatment .	When it was done it was great .
0	Although her mom was obviously in love , he was nothing like her dad .	Sally flew to visit her mom and her mom 's new husband .
0	It was n't long before Amy was off and going on her roller blades .	At first she was unsteady on the roller blades .
1	The Principal and Staff announced to everyone that they can leave .	While people were moving down from the upper seats , a fight broke out .
0	The weight lifting has made me much faster .	I have been lifting weights to make me stronger .
0	Unfortunately , Tom 's car broke down , and he had many bills to pay .	Tom was a man who worked as a CEO at a large company .
1	His parents made him go to summer school .	Billy was not happy about this .
1	Eloise dressed up in a pink dress and went as a fairy godmother .	Her date thought she looked absolutely stunning .
1	I love to watch my greyhound run .	One day I saw first-hand how quickly he can get up to 40MPH .
1	She realized she would need to back up to get up the hill .	Just then a van pulled up behind her and she was unable to back up .
0	He began to feel sad .	But he noticed that he was the only alone .
0	Today the cat sat in the living room with my wife .	She waits for my wife to come home .
1	The time had come for our family to get a new dog .	They were all different shapes and sizes .
1	Lewy wanted to build a snowman .	He went outside and started rolling snow .
0	He was making a pasta and started with the sauce .	Mike was making dinner .
1	I was always one of the last students to finish the mile .	When I got older I decided to train myself to run a mile faster .
1	Unfortunately she fell asleep in the middle of it .	When she woke up she got lots of spoilers .
1	Zeke wanted to become a pilot .	After high school he enrolled in a commercial pilot school .
0	An ultrasound showed that Jack had appendicitis .	The doctor told Jack to go to the emergency room instead .
1	She was due in a week .	She wanted to get married before the baby was born .
1	I was driving a truck .	I was very tired .
0	She lay beside my wife until she was done with the massages .	Today our cat was curious .
1	Lindsay was very interested in guitar lessons .	She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes .
0	Jen sold her one of her chocolate strawberry cakes .	One day a friend asked to buy one for a party for her sister .
0	I finally decided to get one .	I always wanted a pet .
1	He would be working in the oil industry .	Alas , no one told him that the shifts would be twelve hours .
0	Leslie 's boyfriend punched the other boy in the nose .	He caught them kissing on the couch ,
1	He was in a road trip one day .	His friends dared him to right the visitors train .
0	When he opened the bottle , he realized there were none left .	Josh went to go take his vitamin pills .
1	I practiced acting all the time .	I was great on stage .
1	Dean woke up screaming , as always .	He punched the alarm clock into the wall and brushed his teeth .
1	She ran every day and never ate junk food .	She followed her plan faithfully for a month .
1	Mike forgot to set a timer when he put them in the oven .	Forty minutes later he ran to pull out his burnt cookies .
1	Mary was invited to the will reading of her uncle .	She had not known him well .
0	It was a snowy rush hour so they were backed up .	Gina could see cars waiting at the stop sign as she drove past .
1	He went and bought the tickets for her Christmas gift .	Amanda was shocked when she unwrapped the gift and saw what they were .
1	The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire .	Amy thanked him and got back in her car .
1	She found out .	She started ignoring me .
1	A little girl wanted to eat cookies .	It was late at night and her parents were asleep .
0	She was looking forward to in very much .	Brittany was excited for her upcoming high school prom .
1	My son 's school friend moved from Boston to Austin .	He went down there with no plan .
1	While out , he spots a nice buck 20 yards away .	He takes aim and releases an arrow at the buck .
1	I found one that was refurbished and much cheaper .	I was able to get him a present that I could afford .
1	Rob was not organized .	His teacher got mad at him .
1	He waited for the electricity to come back on but he missed his show .	Mason decided to play outside instead of waiting .
1	Nobody could help him , so he had to ask teachers .	He finally found a teacher who could help him and then he took off .
1	Ruth went to a flea market to shop for interesting things .	The parking lot was full so she had to park her car elsewhere .
0	She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo .	She went every now and then but she had never won .
1	Tracy is fearless , smart and a winner .	Doug left his wife Robin for Tracy .
1	He knew she had a new interest in fitness and exercise .	He asked a fitness instructor and the instructor recommended Fitbit .
1	Cierra loves her nieces and nephews .	She takes them somewhere special every summer .
1	They took turns deciding which game to play .	They spent six hours playing different board games .
1	Ellen 's dad , Mike , is a rags to riches millionaire .	Mike bragged so much about his money he spoiled the visit .
1	She wanted company because she was lonely .	She decided to buy a dog .
0	She got a taxi outside and arrived at the bar .	Jane looked at herself one last time before she left her apartment .
1	She pedaled as fast as she could out of the state park .	Rita will now only go on the trails when she is with friends .
1	Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough .	Lana was allowed to walk to school if she carried her phone .
0	It was written in the cover .	One day jim found a phone number in a book .
1	His hard work at school paid off .	Bob was happy he got a full ride scholarship .
1	Gina was not very good after all .	But Gina tried her best in spite of this .
1	He moved rapidly along the walkway and into the building .	He had an important appointment to keep and he needed help .
1	I was so nervous , I was the last person called up to audition .	Sadly , I did n't make the team due to not being able to do cartwheels .
1	I quickly went inside to check out the deal for some cute sweaters .	I grabbed two sweaters and as i checked out they rang up even cheaper .
1	Annie took a trip to Florida to see her Dad .	They visited Magic Kingdom but Annie did n't have much fun .
0	The man told a multitude of people to sit down .	The little gave it to him .
0	Joel could hardly believe his taste buds .	But his wife cooked them up for him and he tried them .
0	Then , she told me I got her pregnant on accident .	She shouted at me because the song was terrible .
1	Tim had a pet frog .	He was playing with it on a sunny afternoon .
1	She always told Henry not to touch it .	One day , Henry was running and knocked the vase over .
1	Mike was trying out for the basketball team and got cut .	The coach gave him a specific list of things to work on to improve .
1	He complained that this was not what he ordered .	The bartender rolled her eyes and made a new drink .
0	Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday .	Ava had always wanted to ride a horse .
1	Marsha complained to her co-workers about her assignment .	One of her co-workers reported Marsha to the supervisors .
1	Lucy knew going to the doctor would reveal her secret .	Lucy decided it was better to just tell the truth .
0	Their mother was furious when she saw the mess .	They put butter on the floor and slid around laughing .
1	The whole school was ready to cheer them on .	However , the quarterback got hurt in the first quarter .
0	The medicine made him feel much better .	And he found herbal medicine online .
1	The goalie ended up falling when the puck was moving .	The puck ended up touching the goal .
1	Jeffrey pulled out a cigarette .	He asked if I tried it before and I said no .
0	She was nervous but confident she could do it .	Kelly wanted to try out for soccer this year .
1	Many digital news outlets covered the researcher 's work .	Shalil still got his yearly bonus .
0	The girl was coming towards Ali .	A girl who did n't like her approached her .
1	He just put it up now .	He miscalculated and ran out of paper .
1	Beth wrote her roommate a note asking that she buys her own .	The next day Beth noticed that she did buy her own .
1	But Jim preferred to spend his time playing instead .	One day Jane saw a wet spot on the carpet .
1	Sean randomly decided he wanted cable .	He called the company and ordered it .
1	He looked everywhere .	It turns out he left them in the car .
1	One evening I walked up to a white senior lady co worker to talk .	My boss looked shocked and told me to see him in his office .
0	He lifted his harpoon and threw it with all of his might .	Greg stood on the deck of a wooden ship .
0	It was her first day at this new school .	Amy had Advisory for her first class of the day .
0	His parents flew over the next day to visit him .	Timmy called his parents on the phone and told them he missed them .
1	They tried asking around for help but no one would help them .	Finally a nice couple helped them to the destination .
0	Martha 's Vineyard has some of the most beautiful beaches .	One of best beaches I love going to is on Martha 's Vineyard .
1	AAA was taking forever , so Lauren decided to change the tire herself .	Her husband was surprised he could learn a few things from his wife .
0	Last night he could not play .	I play chess online with my friend Joe .
0	When her friends arrived they gave her presents .	She really was happy to have her party .
1	On their to their car they played games for prizes .	It was such fun they decided to make it a tradition and go every year !
0	But she purchased the slippers because they were so affordable .	Amy disliked animal printed items .
1	She was awkward , and tripped over her feet .	The other girls made fun of her .
1	His dream was to one day be a famous author .	He would write everyday to get better .
1	If she was able to read 50 books or more she won a pizza party !	She read a book every day for the entire semester .
1	We were tied until the last hole .	Both of us had two shorts .
1	Rachel bought two sweet guinea pigs .	She housed them in a pet store cage .
1	She saved up money for two Year 's .	Jan bought a plane ticket to Paris .
1	The other beauty store does not know what she is talking about .	Grandma does n't know what to do , she hates messy hair .
1	Rick forgot to bring his gym clothes to school .	But before his gym class started , it began to rainy .
1	She led me out to the car and said we were going for a ride .	About ten minutes later , we pulled into a Christmas tree lot .
1	By the time she got there , there were no more cds .	They sold out in an hour .
1	Matt invited his friends to join him .	Matt 's friends never golfed before .
0	While he hung fliers up , a lady saw one and told him she had Snowy !	Then he decided to make Lost Dog fliers .
0	Everyone enjoyed eating the dessert Heather had made .	Heather brought the cheesecake to work on Friday morning .
0	Ian was sad that he could no longer island hop .	He could not afford to purchase another boat .
0	During the college semester , Mike never attended the English class .	Mike has an English final the next morning .
1	Everyone else had already made friends .	As Kelly walked into the building she saw some nice girls .
1	Yan looked down .	He immediately realized that his zipper was wide open .
1	His girlfriend Jane was a vegetarian , and very strict with Mike .	Mike was whipped and listened to Jane when she said no meat .
1	Craig always loved taking his kids trick or treating for Halloween .	This year they visited many homes on Halloween .
1	Every relative got the same gift .	The scent was salted caramel .
0	He finally found a teacher who could help him and then he took off .	Nobody could help him , so he had to ask teachers .
0	She had no money to pay the ticket .	Patty had a traffic ticket .
1	He was starting to get worried as he could n't find her .	Then , she came out of the bathroom and he sighed with relief .
0	She ate it all up without asking what it was .	When she was at a friend 's house , her mother served a delicious dip .
1	The words on the paper seemed to swim before his eyes .	Fifteen minutes into the test period , Steve had fallen asleep .
0	She rushed to work over and hour late and behind on her work .	Karen received a phone call from her boss asking about her tardiness .
1	They each grabbed one end of the rope .	Lucy realized they only had 2 people , but they needed 3 .
0	After 6 hours she completed the jigsaw puzzle .	She decided to start on a jigsaw puzzle .
0	The youngest kid played in the grass .	The oldest kid played on the jungle gym .
0	During one game , he injured his shoulder .	My son plays hockey for his college .
0	It was a cane with four feet .	I used a quad cane after my stroke .
0	So he was driving 60 in a 30 .	Aaron was running late for a date .
1	My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom .	Before the discussion started , my math teacher went to the bathroom .
1	She was mixing all the ingredients ingredients together .	She realized she forgot the strawberries .
1	We were worried we would get sick .	He put it back in the oven and it came out fine .
1	My cat is brown , white and orange .	She likes to sleep on a red fuzzy blanket .
1	I played Monopoly with my kids last night .	I am very competitive , so I did n't go easy on them .
0	Marge was free to live her life again .	She took a sheet and climbed out of the window .
0	Her restaurant eventually became very successful .	She hired a world famous chef to lead her kitchen .
0	This time the dog missed .	She threw it again .
1	Tim is my chess partner .	He plays speed chess , in which a player has only 3 minutes .
1	He finally decided to get happy and quit his job .	He became a painter and joined an art studio .
1	The bus was full of people and luggage was piled on top .	The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy .
1	She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars .	She found a car she liked .
1	She had never had it , and I had never made it .	I worked hard on the soup to make it special .
0	He left the Opossum alone and it eventually left on its own accord .	My brother had no words for the Opossum 's bravery .
0	She was glad she 'd gotten studio time to record her album .	When she finished , she sent the album to companies .
1	I noticed a car coming my way had their headlights off .	We were stopped at a stoplight .
0	Luckily , they found the turtle under the table .	Briana started to worry .
1	He blamed his brother for not rinsing it out .	And he left the plate in the sink .
0	Bob 's brother confronted his mom and the abuse stopped .	Bob said , `` mom never beats me when we have company '' .
0	Kfc was her favorite restaurant and she loved the chicken .	Lily was excited to try to new kfc near her house .
1	My family went to the beach for vacation .	Since it was summertime , it was very hot .
1	They were expensive and he was excited .	It had n't rained for days .
0	In the morning , Nora 's mom found all the jars had broken seals .	Nora 's mom put the jars on a shelf .
1	We had orange juice to drink .	Mommy woke up the next morning all better .
0	I grabbed two sweaters and as i checked out they rang up even cheaper .	I quickly went inside to check out the deal for some cute sweaters .
1	Tom was a man who worked as a CEO at a large company .	Unfortunately , Tom 's car broke down , and he had many bills to pay .
1	Donovan got off the bus , already feeling the heat of the day .	He had many errands to run , but first he stopped by the bank .
0	Her online tickets sold out in twenty minutes .	I wanted her concert tickets to give as a Christmas gift .
1	She got her beads and string out and went to work .	Sally made a pretty pink necklace out of beads for her Mom 's birthday .
1	They made appointments at a nearby salon .	During their visit , they received manicures and pedicures .
1	Sometimes , Ted misses a step in his nightly ritual .	On those nights , he tosses and turns and ca n't sleep .
1	A strong gust of wind blew the phone off .	Jim eventually found it but it was destroyed .
0	Jimmy took the catfish home .	Jimmy reeled in a big catfish !
0	Joe was angry and upset .	Then a dye pack exploded in his face !
1	My idea will make the show 's producers a lot of money .	I would tell you what it is but you might steal it .
1	She was surprised to find a photo of her grandma on a basketball team .	A basketball player herself , Penelope now felt a special connection !
1	She decided to turn it off .	That was enough for her .
0	He pulled on Kate 's pants leg while barking .	There was one little boxer puppy who was very cute and adorable .
1	Liz was a lover of the outdoors .	She hiked , fished , and even hunted whenever she got the chance .
0	I drove over to the post office as fast as I could .	I called the post office and they said they had my package .
0	At one point , Jill got hit in the face with the snowball .	The neighborhood children were having a snowball fight .
0	The poodle was brand new and needed to be trained .	However one day she was bitten by her poodle .
0	The pizzas were thicker .	In the seventies several Greek style pizza shops opened .
0	So he decided to shave his head .	Bill was tired of the hot weather in his area .
0	And she saw the girl take money from the donation box .	Sandra followed the girl to her car .
1	Helena finally got the toy she had begged for for weeks .	She brought it to school to show everyone .
1	He loaded the episodes onto his tv set .	Jerry then spent the afternoon watching old goosebumps episodes .
1	Johnny needed to buy new basketball shoes for his basketball league .	He went to the mall to look for a pair .
0	At we show she found a piece she really liked .	The show was long but worth it .
0	Their new puppy got outside and ran away .	Frank 's sister accidentally left the gate open .
0	This included buying lotto tickets often .	Tom and his friend spent a lot of time together .
1	In the lowest part of the lake he found a chest with a lock .	He brought it back to the surface to open .
1	So Cindy tried to accept being around the dog .	Before Cindy left Beth 's house , Cindy 's finger was bit .
0	I will twirl around the stage .	I am so excited for everyone to watch the show .
1	But the other dogs did not seem interested in Kevin .	Kevin attacked one of the dogs in frustration .
1	At first Jonas has headaches when he does n't smoke .	However , eventually he can go a day without smoking and feel OK .
0	The street was closed , and she did n't want to risk it .	Gina drove past .
1	He got an ulcer due to his anxiety .	Mike has to have surgery for his ulcer .
0	Scott was so disappointed that he could n't play .	He fell during practice and hurt his knee .
0	He was playing with it on a sunny afternoon .	Tim had a pet frog .
1	Francisco was n't feeling very well , even though he had work .	He called in sick .
0	That evening , they made a huge dinner .	The next day , the went out and enjoyed some scenic areas .
0	It was a 3 day weekend .	Gina was just arriving home from school .
1	Jill got a lot of homework from school for the holiday weekend .	She did all her homework in one day .
1	She quickly ordered pizza instead .	Luckily , Pizza is the family 's favorite food .
1	Mike was making dinner .	He was making a pasta and started with the sauce .
1	I was called by my Spanish teacher .	She gave me the Most Improved award for Spanish .
0	She yelled for her sister to be quiet while she was on the phone .	Sam was irritated at her sister .
1	The mobster offered Evie a large amount of money .	Evie told the mobster no thank you , she only steals jewels .
1	Sam 's teacher asked the class what their dads did for a living .	The kids listed careers such as doctor , lawyer and fireman .
0	He asked if there was wine in the fondue because he was allergic .	My friend had some fondue and stopped because he felt bad .
1	One day Tim noticed pain in his wrists .	Tim researched treatment methods online .
1	Erica was bored .	Erica decided to watch television .
0	I 'm looking forward to my new work responsibilities .	Instead I was offered a promotion and a raise .
1	Suddenly she heard a knock on the door .	It was a police officer .
0	It turns out it was in Africa .	Finally his mother pointed it out .
1	Suddenly , he grabbed the cat 's tail .	The cat was angry , and scratched Timmy .
0	It was dark and snowy .	I was out walking by the river one night .
0	He learned some great travel Spanish phrases .	Before he left he took basic Spanish classes .
1	The other day I found a sand dollar .	I have n't seen one of those in years .
1	She worried about it all day .	When she picked him he was laughing and full of stories !
1	He began to tell a funny story about his past .	No one in the audience laughed at this story .
1	It was the morning of the trip and she was so excited .	Unfortunately , her mom was n't feeling well .
0	He arrived on time	he got on the bus
1	Terry was excited to be going to watch a TV show live .	Her husband did n't tell her which one .
1	She told her friend Dan he should take the adorable puppy .	After 1 hour with the cute puppy he could n't resist .
1	Hank 's wife suggest they stash the gifts in the spooky basement .	Her reasoning was they 'd never go down there .
1	But none of them could agree on which film to see .	At the theater , they were still arguing !
1	Felix ran to a nearby teacher and asked for help because of the pain .	His face began to swell up and the school nurse treated him .
1	She remembered that she had n't seen her best friend in a long time .	She called her up .
1	Wesley raced towards Ben , meaning to push him in the water .	Ben played varsity football , however , and easily avoided Wesley .
1	There were five of us that summer , and we decided to start a club .	Our names were Chere , Heather , Adrienne , MiMi and Paula .
0	A few minutes after they were done playing , a pretty girl sat down .	On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park .
1	She poops on the floor on rare occasion .	Last night she pooped on the bedroom carpet .
1	She got a broom and nervously approached the kitchen .	She used the broom handle to tap on various surfaces .
1	She decided to resell the shirt .	Someone purchased the shirt .
0	One morning he decided to stop and get coffee .	He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more .
0	They loaded their jetskis into the water .	David and his friends went to the lake .
0	When the matriarch of the family passed away , chaos ensued .	The Kujata have a beautiful cottage on a lake .
1	But it began to rainy .	He thought about turning back .
0	The quiet office kept Emily refreshed and ready for home-life .	After job hunting for a month , Emily got a job as a secretary .
0	While his mother had gone into the backyard , Tim picked up the phone .	His mother had told him not to play around with the phone .
0	She was glad when he won later that evening .	Then , she voted for her preferred candidate .
1	In his past when he was a child he got stuck in a box .	He could n't get out of it so he almost suffocated .
1	Bongo Joe grabbed his Bongos and walked down the street .	He would play a tune for the people who walked passed him .
0	Sam walked over to the door and pushed it open .	The person pulled on the door but it did not move .
0	They hiked way up on a hill and set up their tent .	Two best friends decided to go camping .
0	Then luckily I got a call and they had one for me .	Upset , I forgot about it .
1	She met some friends there .	She had a good time with her friends .
1	I tried to muffle it a bit since we were at dinner .	Instead it made me pass gas .
0	They saw a small ice cream parlor , but Jane hesitated to go in .	Jane and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation .
1	When I first moved here I was very poor .	In order to make ends meet I ate peanut butter sandwiches a lot .
1	We were sitting around the holidays at dinner .	We were eating a turkey meal .
0	They greeted him with a cake and lunch for his birthday .	After some time , all six elevators opened and his coworkers came out .
1	Dana was a quick learner .	They were riding around together within minutes .
1	She purchases the record and heads home .	Upon returning home Laura begins listening to her new find .
1	He got the job to save up for a video game .	He worked for hours to save up for this awesome game .
1	Measured everything and cut it exactly .	Finally his work was done for the day .
0	Now Sandra works at a clothes store with better working conditions .	Later she wanted a job that she liked better .
0	His primary job as a web developer did not pay very well .	Webster wanted to find himself a part-time job .
1	John smiled and gave her the money for her lunch .	Sarah thanked him profusely and they enjoyed their lunch together !
0	The next thing I remember was the paramedics pulling me out of the car	I remember the airbag deploying .
0	We ended up doing this once a week .	We made it an exclusive group .
1	However , in a rush , she had n't eaten that day .	A friend at the cookout offers Francine a hot dog to eat .
1	I went to see my mother last night .	She was very tired and her back was hurting .
1	My friend needed help with his homework assignment .	Since class started in 10 minutes , I allowed him to copy my work .
0	After selecting them , he put them into a large pot .	Simon went shopping for the freshest ingredients he could find .
0	I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast .	I tripped over the area rug and broke my foot .
0	Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company .	He was still scared of the dark and did n't want his dad to do it .
1	She stumbled on a brick and hit the wall hard .	She was clearly winded as she slid down the wall .
1	We went to the park .	The temperature went up fast .
0	I enrolled in several exercise classes while in the program .	I read and studied all the course materials they gave to me .
0	She then learned her lesson and would never tan again .	She looked in the mirror and saw skin peeling .
0	We went to the store to get smore supplies .	He told me that he 's been thinking about a bonfire all day .
0	She was doing great .	Stacy was taking a spelling test .
0	Although she loses her first game , Lorraine is happy she can play .	Afterwards , Lorraine and Fred play a game of chess .
1	One day , he checked his email .	He saw that the client had sent him a bonus tip of one hundred dollars
1	I just started using my virtual keyboard .	It ended up being a waste of money .
0	The cheese exploded everywhere in his microwave !	He microwaved chips and cheese in the microwave .
1	I opened up immediately .	When I opened it I immediately started using it .
0	One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake .	She was a very small girl .
0	He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher .	He picked 10 lemons and brought them inside .
1	Turning his computer on he realized there was a lot of work up !	It did n't take him long to get into the swing of things .
0	Then , he washed the bag in the sink .	He took everything out of the bag .
0	But by then , the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal .	After waiting for hours , they finally arrived .
1	He did n't have any money though .	He decided to steal the soda .
1	Later , at lunch , I saw a girl wearing my coat !	I accused her , but she denied it .
1	So , I decided to do something about it .	I went to the big box pet store .
0	Clara decided to practice Chess on the computer every day .	He was older and taught her to play , but she wanted to win once .
1	Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air !	Dan thought he 'd struck oil !
0	She did so every week .	A woman spent all her pay on lottery scratch-offs .
1	He watched this young woman text very fast .	He began to do his best to emulate her .
0	Rhonda thought the comedians were hilarious .	She decided to go to the show anyway .
1	She asked her dad next .	She was sad when they gave her a doll instead .
1	Linda waited for eight weeks but still had n't received her passport .	The day before her flight , her passport finally arrived !
1	I sit and think aloud .	I will be happy tomorrow .
0	Gary decided to go to a salon to get a professional haircut .	This made Gary quite sad .
0	When he got there , he proposed to his girlfriend .	Mark planned a trip to Ireland with his girlfriend .
1	Molly had fallen asleep with her hair in a bun .	Now , her hair was very tangled .
0	Jack 's mom planned to make chocolate cake , his favorite !	Today is Jack 's birthday !
1	As Amber cried her mom tried not to laugh .	Amber cried when she opened the tickets on her birthday .
0	Joanna 's family did not like brent but they felt he was not a good man .	Brent was in love with joanna
1	I am a violinist and have taken many orchestra auditions .	Three years ago I auditioned for the Kansas City Symphony .
1	As she sat at her desk the pain grew more and more intense .	Soon the pain was accompanied by nausea .
0	I was just driving down the street in my small car .	The first time I was hit by a drunk driver was scary .
0	Eventually he got into a lot of legal trouble .	He was n't able to pay him back .
1	Kelly was ready but quite disappointed .	She knew vacation would n't last forever .
1	Evan copied her answers .	Evan got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating .
1	She twisted her ankle .	She had to ice it and keep her foot up for a few days .
0	I noticed a large spider in the sink .	I was washing my hands .
0	Bev vigorously scrubbed her screen until it was clean .	She sprayed her monitor until it was very wet .
0	His wife turned on the outside porch light and rolled her eyes at him .	Then , he dumped a handful of pine needles in .
1	He found a lamp he liked .	He bought the lamp .
0	She still wants to buy more sandals .	She also has plenty of boots .
0	I could n't catch the dog , and she did n't return home after waiting .	When I opened my door , my dog ran outside and got away .
1	Lisa and Monica are sisters who lost their brother and sister in law .	Someone robbed the pair and shot them in their home .
1	I told her to draw me a picture while I spoke to the counselor .	She sat down at a chair and pulled the crayons out .
0	Sarah put the sweater on and felt nice and warm .	Then , her boss offered to let her wear her sweater .
0	He said he wanted to fly planes someday .	Mike loved planes , and he talked about them often .
0	I was late to practice .	It caused a traffic jam in the city .
0	I got another headache watching my favorite drama .	I took a long nap .
0	Then he went to a library to apply .	He first applied at a fast food place .
1	She was sad about it .	People made fun of her .
0	It was at an important competition and she got local fame .	The closest she ever got was bronze .
0	Things were going great .	Abby started dating a boy from class .
0	It ended up scraping her car badly .	Suddenly , the car jerked forward and hit her car .
1	She went to a department store .	Nicole found some covers that she liked .
1	Shay loved to read , and she was always buried in a book .	Her mom suggested Shay become a writer .
0	When he was done reading , the sun began to shine outside .	He got out his favorite book and read for hours .
1	Tim was the leader of his school 's mathematics club .	He only had three members but needed more members for funding .
0	After searching his entire house he still ca n't find it .	But he realizes that he ca n't find his wallet .
0	Then he climbed down and surveyed his work .	He climbed his ladder and draped them up there .
1	She finally made an appointment with the doctor .	While waiting to go in , she had a special feeling in her belly .
0	She was super excited to make the pizza .	Lucy got all her friends together for a pizza party .
0	Jenny was so surprised about this random act of kindness .	At that moment the lady behind her swiped her credit card .
0	It smelled very strong .	I put perfume on this morning .
1	Her friends came over , sat on the balcony , ate and drank , and chatted .	They played music and laughed and had fun .
1	Jon asked for ten boxes of mint cookies .	He ate two boxes of cookies that night .
0	He noticed a man , with a dark skin tone , carrying an expensive watch .	The police officer was driving across the street .
1	My Nana lived in a huge old house .	When I was little I used to sleep in the front room .
0	Every student was required to paint something from the trip .	Julia was on a trip to the coast with her art class .
1	They had children and decided to move back to their childhood town .	Their sons are the best of friends , and play on the same team .
0	Suddenly , my shoe sole broke .	I was walking .
1	So , instead of doing a lot of habits , he chooses one .	Zach is working on his habit of working out everyday .
0	When I listened to the song it was great .	The song was called real friends .
0	He then added a beautiful sunset .	Jim started the piece with by painting a rainbow .
1	Then she realized she was lost !	She stopped and asked a kindly stranger for help .
0	It shattered as it hit the metal sink basin just right .	The plate he was washing slipped out of his hands .
0	But instead she got a chocolate cake .	Remy wanted a carrot cake for her birthday .
0	The touched up each other 's side to make it look more uniform .	When they stood back they could see differences in painting style .
0	Sandy opened the care package to find a popcorn maker .	She called her mom , who said a care package was on the way .
1	On Eric 's 7th birthday he thought he was all grown up .	It was time for him to have morning coffee too .
0	Jason sends the book to publishers .	Jason revises his writing into a book .
1	He said in about four days .	He said that he would bring me some shells from the beach .
0	They decided to shop first , and then they got some pizza .	Lucy wanted to go to the food court , but Stacy wanted to shop .
1	Sue really wanted a new boots .	But she could n't afford them .
0	Thankfully though it was over before I knew it .	When the nurse injected the needle I could n't look .
1	Nala was unprepared for her Spanish test .	She could not think of any of the answers .
0	He wanted to learn a specific song .	Jared had a piano .
1	Seth was a great painter who wanted to learn to play guitar .	He could n't afford guitar lessons , but the teacher offered a trade .
0	A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the best .	A great artist came to the town fair and set up shop .
1	She discussed the armed forces with the recruiter .	She was tempted to join but wanted to think it over .
1	He saw that they met each other and began talking .	It looked good and he was thankful that they had begun talking again .
0	His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away .	Just as he reached for it , his coworker grabbed it .
1	Carl was using Google Maps to get directions to his new job .	But when he got them , he noticed an interesting feature .
0	So the Adam 's family decided to do the bathroom renovation themselves .	The budget was too low for a professional to do it .
1	Her grandpa was now dead .	His room door sat open all the time .
1	Nora 's mom put the jars on a shelf .	In the morning , Nora 's mom found all the jars had broken seals .
1	He wanted to buy a pack of baseball cards with it .	His mom took him to the store and he picked his pack .
1	He wiped all of the patties with paper towels to remove excess grease .	And he hid the salt packets to prevent anyone from having them .
1	He most disliked the flags with text on them .	He entered a design in a redesign contest for his own city .
1	He notices that he spends a lot of money on coffee .	Dan decides to stay at home to write .
1	She ended up asking the worker to surprise her .	She received an order of sesame chicken .
1	Alicia was impressed by his work and she was attracted to him as well .	The two began dating and soon after Alicia became pregnant .
0	I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others .	I was at work when I got the phone call about the World Trade Center .
0	Then , he turned it upside down .	He brought it to his room .
1	I agreed and went to a local cafe .	I ordered a plate of chicken and waffles with extra gravy .
1	Joe wanted to learn how to breakdance .	He watched various instructional videos on YouTube .
1	I signed up for a billboards tournament .	I was in competition against some of the best players in the town .
1	Her brother was worried for her and took her to a psychologist .	The psychologist diagnosed her with depression and got her help .
1	First I tried the big department store , but the styles were so generic .	Next I went to the boutique , but no dresses were in my size .
1	He stayed home , sad and angry at the circumstances .	His friend asked if Cameron would photograph his surf sessions .
1	Justin loves fresh fruit .	Every morning he makes a list of what fruit he would like that day .
1	Michelle was climbing out of the car .	Suddenly , her toe caught on the car mat .
1	Tom put bread in the toaster and went back to his room .	His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster .
0	When we got there , we set up our tents and a fire .	We found the best spot in the whole forest .
0	Eva really enjoyed eating her home grown corn !	Then it came time to harvest the corn .
0	He would jump between any gap .	Jake loved jumping everywhere .
1	Her mom helped Lily buy a tank and a few fish .	Lily was n't satisfied because her friend 's fish were much bigger .
1	Ian was driving home from college one day .	On the way home he saw a stray dog .
1	Everyone had told her that she would never make it .	She ended up ignoring their judgments .
1	I climbed through the forest enjoying the rain across my face .	It eventually rained so hard that everything was covered in mud .
1	She took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game .	She lost everything .
1	It turned out that his dog had been pregnant .	He decided to keep one and give the rest away .
0	He needed ice for his drinks .	George was at the hotel last night .
0	The second pitch was high .	The first pitch was wide .
1	They were in the ocean , swimming for several hours .	Hannah remembered how long they were gone and went for them .
0	He worked for hours to save up for this awesome game .	He got the job to save up for a video game .
0	My mom fell in love with the bird !	He said it to my mom .
0	He had enough to feed his men and also to smoke and preserve .	He was head of his tribe and usually gets the food .
1	At the meet , Bobby won all of his matches and earned first place !	He went home with the gold medal !
0	Harry was happy when they gave him a jersey from his favorite team .	His teammates knew his birthday was coming up and planned a gift .
1	As he went back to the car , he slipped on a patch of ice .	As he fell , he felt something in his back pocket bump him .
1	She had a student that was failing .	She offered to give extra credit .
0	She was at the fertility clinic with her husband .	Jane had been trying to get pregnant for around two years now .
0	He waited for the right moment stole items from the garage .	And he noticed that the man went inside occasionally .
0	During their meal they were very happy and flirtatious .	He took her to her favorite Italian restaurant yesterday .
0	Jack did n't see his dog in the living room .	He placed the book on the couch when he got home from the bookstore .
0	Mark 's supervisor asked him if everything was okay at home .	Mark 's supervisor at work called him into his office .
0	She picked it up and brought it home .	She decided she should help it .
0	Somehow , the hair became caught in the tie .	She was trying to take her hair out of it 's ponytail .
0	She chewed up the pillows .	Bayleigh was a bad dog .
0	Unfortunately their second date was n't going as well .	Jane and Jim had a fun first date .
1	Paul loved to cook , it was his passion .	Unfortunately , everything he made was nigh-inedible .
0	She started off on a good path .	She began to sing for the entire school audience .
0	His son was sick .	Suddenly , his son 's school called .
0	He decided to run in his old shoes instead .	Carl finds old dirty sneakers in his closet .
1	She got some of it right .	We were very amused .
1	There was a little boy who had a puppy .	He and the puppy were the best of friends .
0	During the daughter 's photo shoot , Diana tried to take a photo .	The teacher had hired a professional to take some photos .
0	They said a roundabout was ahead .	Ahead were a bunch of signs he was unfamiliar with .
0	We ended up winning it 3 to 2 .	It came down to overtime .
0	She hunted and caught the butterflies to put them in a jar .	Because of this , her grandparents bought her a butterfly net .
1	She went to the secondhand store .	There , she found a similar radio to the one that 'd broke .
0	He landed on the floor , laughing !	Ike tried to hold on , but he was thrown .
1	He took the train and got settled in his new home .	Three days later he received a phone call from his friend Steve .
1	Jim received his license today .	To celebrate , he took a few friends out for drinks .
1	While at the party she realized while pretty , her shoes hurt her feet .	Amy decided to sit in a corner and take of her shoes for awhile .
0	Paul has been working long days for months now .	A new housing development is going up near him .
0	She lived in Texas where the weather was not cold .	Theresa loved cold weather .
1	Zach took her home , thinking she was sick .	When they got home , she threw up and felt a lot better .
1	Michael loved dragon ball Z .	He saw all the episodes .
1	Layla almost saw her father .	He was a police officer and worked very late hours .
0	Then her dog trampled her newly planted flowers .	After she was done , she admired her work .
1	Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies .	Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats !
1	She was afraid to return to school without hair .	But she could n't find any wigs she liked , so she decided to go bald .
1	She spent most of the time in the bathroom or in bed .	Kim did n't get discouraged , she is looking forward to her next cruise !
1	My Dad was covered in puke .	My Dad started to curse and my friend was laughing .
1	Jack got up in the morning .	He rode his bike to school .
0	It was a great day despite the weather .	They decided to go have drinks instead .
1	I got so caught up reminiscing that I lost track of time .	The day was almost over and I had n't cleaned anything .
0	He deposited the coins in the bank and bought the game .	It turned out he had more than enough for the game in coins .
0	End up having to pay a lot of money to repair my window .	Sure enough a baseball went through my window .
1	It ran towards Sam and attacked her .	The zookeepers managed to calm the bear down .
1	His brother enjoyed all of the things they did .	Evan enjoyed himself .
0	I was disappointed as i headed back home .	The coin dealer informed me that he did not have it .
1	It was embarrassing because I never got in trouble before .	I took the slip to my mom for her to sign .
0	But she used her willpower to refrain from eating .	She was so hungry !
0	He gave a final pull and the laces did not get taunt .	Gus attempted to tie his shoes .
1	Her friend told her it would be such a waste to just waste her hair .	Linda compared companies that turn hair into wigs for patients .
1	They were still there watching her .	The knots in the wood showed no sign of stopping their constant gaze .
0	In the cockpit , Deven did not feel anything .	The crowd roared and burst with excitement .
1	Her teacher recommended that she join a new one , one that he liked .	She approached the group and asked if they needed any help .
0	They tried to kill zombies , but they always ended up losing the game .	Ed and Sam were playing a video game together .
1	It picked a song he had never heard before .	He listened to it , and found that he loved it .
0	Today was planting day .	Joe always planted a garden .
0	Mike was thrilled and uses the camera every chance he gets .	His wife surprised him with one on his 26th birthday .
1	Tim was a salesman .	He worked at an electronic store .
1	The actors had just finished and were bowing .	They invited the crew out on the stage .
1	My boyfriend met me at the park .	On one of the rides , he leaned over and kissed me !
1	I went to a concert for a band I love very much .	The room was very energetic .
1	For snack , the children ate fruits and vegetables that they had grown .	The cafeteria ladies prepared the snacks for the kids .
1	She browses the internet for the latest ideas .	She tried investing in a few .
1	They already had 5 boys so a girl would be a nice change of pace .	They decided to adopt a girl .
0	While she waited , she got out the macaroni and cheese .	She put the water on to boil .
0	The workouts made her feel energized !	She joined a gym .
1	Within one log it found another fox , hiding away .	It sniffed at the fox and coaxed them out .
1	He took it to a sharpener and began to grind it .	After a while the old bit was as good as new .
0	His grandparents had moved to another state for warmer weather .	Will greatly missed his grandparents .
1	She told him that what he was doing is wrong .	He told her that if she told anyone , something bad would happen .
1	Regardless , he decided to try driving down a busy highway .	The trailer collapsed from the weight of snow .
1	Alec kept waking up with pain in his stomach .	He realized that he needed to change his diet .
1	After a little while , they realized a piece was missing .	They looked all over the house , but could not find the piece .
1	I shook the bottle and the water immediately crystallized to ice .	I researched the phenomenon and learned it 's called Supercooling .
1	Cathy was in a rush to get to school .	She had to do her makeup much faster than usual .
0	Later , when she went to preheat the oven , they all melted !	She forgot about them after the chaos of the visit .
1	His dad finally said no more fries .	Eventually he ate other things .
1	She brought it home and kept it in her room on display .	Two days later it suddenly hatched !
0	People loved the tricks so much he put out a hat .	He whipped out a deck of cards and did magic tricks .
1	Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead .	The branch worked just as well as a real bat !
0	She asked everyone to let her know if they were going over .	She would always freak out whenever someone opened it .
1	Carl had been looking forward to his 2nd grade science fair .	He thought for a long time about what kind of project to do .
0	He decided to just toughen up and eat them this one time .	Alex hates mushrooms on his pizza .
0	He answered the accountant 's questions about his income .	He went to an accountant .
1	Jane felt uncomfortable and asked to be dropped off .	Jane stopped hitchhiking after that .
0	He fell in love with a brown lab who liked to play .	Tommy looked at all of the puppies .
1	Alas , when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise .	We decided to book another one !
0	The game went on for hours .	David kept making comments , and Kenny finally challenged him .
0	He rented a kayak there and navigated the river .	He saw a building with kayaks in it .
1	She was ashamed of her relatively un-prestigious job .	Having seen a lot of sitcoms , she decided to fake being a doctor .
0	He saw something fall from the sky .	A man drove his car on an open road .
1	Bill decided to attend the Thanksgiving parade for the first time .	Bill loved to see the various entries in the parade .
1	My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill .	I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay .
1	He read the questions out loud as they scribbled down their answers .	He then collected the papers to grade that night .
1	His friend was very helpful .	Aaron passed the difficult test the next day .
1	The coach painted the baseballs pastel colors for the game .	The umpire was not sure if this was acceptable .
1	Suddenly , he heard a sharp knock at the door .	He quickly stopped making any noise .
1	And got a ham instead for the first time .	It was his best Christmas ever .
0	Andy got lost in the forest .	He decided to stop following the trail .
1	When I got home , my fingers and toes were numb from cold .	It took me an hour to warm up again !
0	He got good grades on all of his quizzes .	Joe was having a good day at school .
1	The family arrived at the hotel and unpacked .	The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned .
0	The register broke when it was my turn in line .	When it was time to check out I got in line .
0	He was nervous because he wanted to win .	Jacob was excited for his first soccer game .
0	Stacy lost 5 pounds in a week after giving up on drinking soda .	Dawn told her to stop drinking sodas .
0	He decides not to brag so much about his woodworking skills .	The splinter hurts Thomas .
1	He was a harry black man and did n't think he was handsome .	His two friends said he really needed a girlfriend .
1	Margaret liked spending time with her daughter and ended up helping .	Margaret ended up enjoying the day of decorating after all .
0	Travis returned to the village as a hero .	After three days at sea , Travis had a huge catch .
1	He picked one out from the catalog .	He did not think his mom was going to buy it .
0	Simon 's parent 's thought skateboards were dangerous .	He asked his parents to buy him a skateboard for his birthday .
1	The dryer apparently caught fire and they were n't there to stop it .	Mindy now hand washes and air dries the family 's clothes .
1	Ava had a miscarriage .	She had to be hospitalized .
0	Jim was very sad and continued to search for the phone all night .	After the game , Jim could n't find his phone .
1	But he had to finish his homework .	He stayed up until 4 AM to finish it .
1	Tim was trimming palm trees along the street .	A big branch fell to the ground just as a young woman was passing .
1	Hanna decided to play games on her phone instead .	Her parents were sad when Hanna missed the glorious whale sighting !
1	When I was 14 my parents got pregnant .	A month after my 15th birthday , by sister was born .
1	She did n't fall a single time on Thursday .	She got a perfect score at her competition !
1	He expected that everyone had the kind of energy that he has .	George danced with all his might , and frightened the other dancers .
1	The security guards chased her around , but she was too fast .	Jane returned home that afternoon to see herself on tv .
1	At 3 AM , Cindy called the police to complain .	But minutes later , the party stopped .
1	He hated the peanut butter sandwiches she would make .	Lou left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it .
1	Eric always loved playing the piano .	He was really talented and had a bright future in it .
1	This year they want to go somewhere else .	They voted on a new place and chose the beach .
1	He even persuaded Ben to purchase a hamster .	At the end of the day , Ben took home the hamster and a few supplies .
0	Jeff was sneaking towards Dan , who was sitting down .	Today was April Fools Day and everyone played pranks on each other .
0	However , her mother June was n't happy about it .	She decided to change it to March .
0	He was so nervous he forgot his resume in the car .	He showed up for the interview .
0	Lucy was having a good time laughing at herself .	Lucy 's grandma was showing her pictures from her childhood .
1	Lucy was driving down the street when she got a flat tire .	She has never changed a tire before and did n't know how .
1	He saw a funny video on his phone and laughed uncontrollably .	He dropped his phone in the bowl of soup .
1	They offered her round trip tickets to Hawaii .	All she had to do was sit in on a timeshare presentation .
0	She was saving to pay a credit card debt .	Sonya was saving money in her bank .
0	He spent a full week working hard on the dress , trying a few ideas .	Jed listened to the woman and wrote down her design ideas .
0	She ran into a spider web .	Melissa tried to move across a bush .
0	Joan got off the scale , and saw the number stayed the same .	Still , the number on her scale had n't budged .
0	While the steaks were on the grill , he entertained his guests .	He heated the grill .
0	She often gave cakes away to friends .	Carol loved to bake cakes .
1	In a few weeks they hatched into chicks .	Kell was so pleased with her cute baby chicks !
1	Jill and Lisa had been best friends for years .	Nothing would break their friendship they thought .
1	She posted a picture of her attractive friend to improve her odds .	This friend was suspicious to hear that Shirley was getting replies .
1	A half hour passed and no Stacey .	Kelly then realized she was stood up .
0	But here he was acting like his usual self .	She was confused as to why after getting her number he had n't called .
0	When Aiden was an adult he went to court petitioned for a new name .	Kids in school always made fun of his name .
1	My wife masqueraded as Sponge Bob , and I wore a transit outfit .	We had a lot of fun , and took plenty of photos .
1	Mike looked at his friend 's answers .	The teacher caught Mike cheating .
0	But Gina tried her best in spite of this .	Gina was not very good after all .
1	He thought that he must find a writer to team up with .	He found Susie a old friend to join him and start a cartoon strip .
1	Immediately , Sarah ran out of the wood lot .	She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment .
1	He tried to return it to the rental place but it was closed down .	Matt checked his credit history and there were no hits .
1	They found a spot with a good view .	When the moon came out , they enjoyed the amazing appearance .
1	I took a trip with my daughter to Atlantic City .	We went shopping on the boardwalk .
1	He could n't find his car keys anywhere .	He called a friend to pick him up .
1	A man took out a big bet against the Jets .	He watched the game very intently .
1	A nuclear missile silo received a launch order .	The officer in charge opened the safe to verify the code .
0	Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious .	One day his coworkers take him to a local Indian restaurant to try it .
0	She meets a man and they fall in love .	Alice has always wanted to be a mother .
0	She began applying coconut oil to help heal it .	Lina realized her son had cradle cap .
0	They burned !	Finally , he made some croissants .
0	He dashed up the court , calling for the basketball .	In a tie basketball game , Nate knew he needed to win it .
0	They went to the fanciest restaurant in town .	After the store , Matt surprised her a dinner date .
0	She looks at all of her nail polish and decides on black .	Freda wants to try painting her nails a new color .
1	That night , she made some snacks and sat on the couch .	Then , she watched the episode .
0	When she woke up she felt much better .	Hallie went back to sleep .
1	As the sun set , it grew dark .	Suddenly she saw that she was lost !
0	He wanted to travel across the country .	Ian had never flown on a plane .
0	I decided to go .	My friends invited me to the dance club .
0	They were eager to see what he would cook them .	He invited his family over for a native Italian dinner .
0	It was only 45 minutes away from our home .	We used to go to Walden Pond when the kids were little .
0	They all thought she had a boyfriend .	Every boy in town was too shy to talk to her .
1	I looked online for guides on growing peppers .	I followed the guides , and waited for a few months .
1	She was n't a very good bowler .	She felt sure she 'd come in last place .
1	I called to my wife to see if she knew what kind of bird it was .	She grabbed her bird book and started to flip through it .
1	A boy named Jacob had never stayed up all night .	He tried everything from caffeine to exercise .
1	I asked Detts sister but she would not answer me .	Now I believe Dett is a killer because she told she was .
1	All of his classic music collection was lost in the fire .	Mike was devastated for a long time about his loss of music .
1	My cat just had 5 kittens !	I 'm naming them after spices .
0	Alex chose a stuffed animal and started to feel better .	A nurse offered to to take him to pick out a toy .
0	The temperature went down and I drove off confused but happy .	I checked under the hood to find the radiator filled with coolant .
1	He had gotten in a heated disagreement with a teacher again .	He did make a lot of good points with his argument though .
1	Tammy really missed riding her favorite horse Bongo .	When Tammy came home she took Bongo out for a ride .
1	Jill 's ice cream cone fell on the floor .	Jill 's parents bought her a new one .
0	He decided he needed to get a job .	Ben was a college student with no money .
1	The boat was all set and ready to leave the dock .	Jed and his brothers were about to go deep sea fishing .
0	She wanted to become a photographer to make extra money .	Sara bought a camera with her tax return .
1	Jenny is packing for a camping trip with her friends .	While packing her toiletries , she receives a phone call .
1	She begrudgingly finishes her math homework .	Finally Laura can watch the movie .
0	He rode his bike to school .	Jack got up in the morning .
1	Tim was on vacation .	He went to a casino .
0	I was spreadeagled on the floor , having fainted .	The next thing I remember was people in a circle looking down at me .
1	One day , they were very loudly debating when the CEO walked by .	A few hours later , everyone had to attend a company wide meeting .
1	Jack White screamed and flung his guitar against the wall .	It shattered into a million pieces .
0	She decided to write what was bothering her in a journal .	Danielle had been feeling down .
0	She called in and her boss was really mad .	She want to miss work .
1	He told me that he 's been thinking about a bonfire all day .	We went to the store to get smore supplies .
0	Rob found three quarters from the early 1900 's .	Rob 's mother told him he was free to take a jar of old quarters .
1	After eating , we decided to go to a yogurt shop .	The next day , we could n't stop talking about the previous night .
0	However I would only get fifth place .	I competed in many tournaments .
1	He then started to ask for money .	I gave back the rose , frustrated .
1	The aspiring musician practiced every day , until her fingers hurt .	Six months later , she and her friends started a band .
0	She screamed when the man caught up to her and touched her shoulder .	To make matters worse , a man was following her .
0	Now , Harry was much better at remembering things .	He decided to buy a notepad .
0	When she went to retrieve them , they all smelled of mildew !	Years later she finally had her own house .
0	She sat down at a chair and pulled the crayons out .	I told her to draw me a picture while I spoke to the counselor .
0	He filed a report .	He learned that this eviction was illegal .
1	In sixth grade I hit puberty .	It was like it happened over night .
1	When they saw it was safe , his family joined him .	Now Jake ca n't get them to stop , they 're having so much fun .
1	They were having problems starting the fire .	One of the Scouts was an Eagle Scout .
0	He did not bother to put the fire out and let the rain take do it .	Phil cooked his meal over the fire while rain poured on him .
1	Samantha picked out the noodles she wanted to used and bought them .	Then she drove back to her house .
0	In a panic , I called 911 .	Soon after she ate some of the nuts she stopped breathing .
0	Fred realized a pizza place nearby delivered .	There was no food in the house nor did they have transportation .
1	She checked in the storeroom but they were sold out of her size .	Amy decided to go with a size larger .
0	But then Pat became a tour guide in Asia .	They did n't see how she could earn a living by traveling .
1	Tommy looked at all of the puppies .	He fell in love with a brown lab who liked to play .
1	A restaurant charged me too much by mistake .	Afterward I made five more purchases .
1	He freaked out since he study enough for the test .	He slightly glanced over drew 's test paper .
1	I went down the usual highway but got stuck .	The road was jammed bumper to bumpers .
1	She almost gave up , but then she grinned instead .	Snatching her titles , she played Zephyr for 69 points !
0	Together , they escaped the fire and found their relieved parents .	He heard sirens as he crawled down the hall to his sister 's room .
1	It was their last day and they were deciding what to do .	They could not figure out which attraction they wanted to visit .
1	Jen was incredibly worried about her English test .	So she started studying and never stopped .
1	Her boyfriend Edmund was visiting .	They searched the cupboards for something easy to cook .
1	He had one in the fridge .	Matt ate it .
0	The customer states there is hair in the food .	Suddenly he gets a call from a customer .
0	Tammy kept winning each game .	Tammy and Jane sat down to play a board game .
1	Today I bought some yogurt .	Under the cap I found tickets .
0	Jake changed into shorts when he got back to his car .	His bike splashed mud all over his pants .
0	Jack proposed to Elizabeth 6 months later .	Jack began dating Elizabeth .
0	He raised his hand and told the monitor what had happened .	Suddenly the tip of his pencil broke off !
0	The tea tastes great and I drink it every morning .	I have a new favorite tea .
1	She had found other things to occupy her time .	Now she was bored again .
0	About an hour later I went out there to check on them .	I let all my dogs out back in the morning .
1	They loved spending time as a family on the boats and swimming .	Unfortunately their boat was vandalized one winter .
0	She landed on her knee which immediately started bleeding .	Mary tripped over a bump on the ground while she was running .
0	They got started in the garage , and finished in an hour .	It was to build a shelf , so they found the right tools .
0	Dan decided it was time to get a larger car .	They already had 3 kids .
1	I threw her a rope and she chased it .	Her dog is a playful pup .
1	Lexi 's mom found her stealing from her brother 's plate .	And she was n't allowed to eat anymore burgers that night .
1	He planted them carefully .	He watered them every day .
1	Every year , George would tell his children that he would visit them .	Every year , Claudette convinced George to take his vacation elsewhere .
1	Kim wanted to wear her hair loose .	She took one of the braids down .
1	I went up to the top of a near mountain .	The view was breathtaking .
0	The teacher was hesitant initially .	Gina went to her teacher requesting his desk be moved .
1	His father rolled his eyes and told James to stop being a girl .	Eventually , James stopped his weather forecasts .
1	Rob was grounded for a week .	He was n't allowed to leave his room .
1	Two young women came to the house , but her son refused to meet them .	He told his mother to leave him alone .
0	She was shocked to find a person brings your bags to your car for you .	Lucy asked her grandma where you would leave one .
0	They sat together everyday .	Amy had one friend in her lunch period .
1	She suddenly got pulled over by a police officer .	The police officer said that she was going 10 miles over the limit .
1	Tim hated fish .	He never ate whenever his dad cooked it .
0	When the waiter handed the bill , everyone was silent .	They ate a lot since the food was food .
1	She went by herself because she was familiar with the mountains .	She decided to hike on a new trail that just opened up .
1	The snow fell fast and furiously for two hours .	Once it stopped , Jane ran outside with her coat and mittens on .
1	Mary had been taking care of the baby at night for the past week .	She needed her husband to take over for a night so she could sleep .
1	Matt was able to get passed it with ease .	I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt .
0	Dina purchased a crib and made room for the baby in their room .	They did n't have the money to get a two bedroom place .
1	On facebook , a record company executive said it 's a lack of talent .	So Brandon posted a song and asked the executive for a chance .
0	When she took it in , she was worried they could n't fix it .	She decided to take it into the repair people .
0	He ended up being fired once the principal found out .	He told me that there are no second thoughts .
1	Jackie carefully took the pieces apart .	She found a cat toy inside that was causing the problem .
0	He became a painter and joined an art studio .	He finally decided to get happy and quit his job .
1	But they told him they only carried pork !	Ari was dejected and disappointed .
0	The soup was delicious .	I made myself some chicken soup .
0	Ted went out to the mailbox and worked on it .	He walked back inside and grabbed his tools .
1	He watered the seeds every day and they began to sprout .	Two months later , Jim had the prettiest yard on the block .
0	Ryan learned to like cats .	And it was n't loud like his neighbor 's dogs .
1	Erica had no idea why she was n't invited .	She confronted Tom to find out why .
1	There was a storm recently that caught him off guard .	The waves smashed against the shore and scared Sonny .
1	Suddenly , at 2 am , he heard noises .	He got up to see if there were gifts .
0	Then , I was able to go home .	I went in and they fixed them .
0	He went down to the court and took out a restraining order on her .	Tammy in his bathroom while he showered was the final straw .
0	The store was closed that day .	So I decided to go to the store to buy new ones .
0	He was trying to become famous .	There was an artist named Jacob .
0	Lou had no money to buy a nice gift .	He wanted to do something nice for her .
0	Soon he was an excellent shot !	John complied , practicing often .
0	A week later , he goes on facebook and checks her page .	His girlfriend said that it is fine .
0	He tried to but ended up falling asleep .	He realized that he was supposed to study for an exam tomorrow .
1	In the war , he got burned really badly .	His face was barely recognizable .
1	Carl wanted a computer badly .	He worked for months .
1	He looked out his window and saw a tree had fallen down .	It had hit electrical wires and sparks were flying everywhere .
1	Two years later , he graduated as a chef .	Joe knew it was the right path since he earned honors .
0	The old woman no longer recognized Sue .	Sue went to visit her grandma in a nursing home .
1	Bo found a bag of money on a park bench and held it close .	He saw his friend emerge from a behind a tree to greet him .
1	He was eager to dig up dinosaur bones !	He spent all day searching for fossils .
1	They used pickle jars that they already had to drink .	Their water tasted like pickles .
0	She decided it was a good time to get rid of a lot of things .	Sarah could n't squeeze another hanger in her closet .
1	He ran his hand on a piece of metal .	The metal cut his thumb deep .
0	Nick began to play much louder music .	He quickly assembled his speakers to face his neighbor 's house .
1	Around graduation , he bragged about going pro .	First he went to San Diego State University and played football .
0	Then he pulled out a ring and proposed .	Suddenly , Max started to tell Laura how much he loved her .
1	The doctor told her she needs to be drinking eight glasses per day .	She has done that for a week now and feels better .
0	He was surprised to see that new running shorts were so expensive .	He decided to look for a new pair to buy .
0	But , I realized that I got to make a difference in people 's lives .	I hated it .
1	Ted was shy around girls .	He wanted to find a date to his prom .
1	His horse Fred pushed the door and ran out .	Matthew ran after him for an hour .
0	He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor .	When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe .
0	Her mother checked her temperature .	Holly was feeling very sick .
0	Upon research , Sandy discovered it was a poem she wrote .	Sandy felt that the poem looked familiar .
0	It is amazing how creative they can be when dressing up .	My son then transformed into Captain Jake .
0	She wore it every day .	She loved it .
1	Alas , he did not win any money at all .	Brad wished he had not wasted so much money on tickets .
1	He located the nearest botanica .	They had an assortment of items which were needed .
0	George noticed less and less people buying bananas from him .	His business did well until a new banana chain opened down the street .
1	I looked everywhere for her .	Finally i found her in the neighbor 's yard .
1	Zach and his wife recently got divorced .	To his friends surprise , he already remarried .
1	Then she remembered to check the sun and head east .	She followed the sun back to her camp .
1	His parents discussed it and decided to buy him the game .	Tommy is going to be so excited when he opens it on Christmas morning !
1	Cam was walking his dog one day when they had some trouble .	Another dog attacked them , and Cam had to break them apart .
0	I wrote a grocery list and headed for the store .	I decided to start eating a healthy diet .
1	Morgan loved riding her bicycle .	One day , she rode it to school .
0	The machine would not dispense his money .	He insert his debit card .
1	The cars next to be saw the light and stayed in their lane .	I managed to get home safely .
0	Tommy and his brother spent the rest of the day washing him .	Before he could do anything , the skunked sprayed the dog .
1	She put supplies in her backpack .	She started down the hiking trail .
0	He had not expected the pet he saw in his kitchen .	When he got out of school , he rushed home .
1	The children wanted to put on a play .	They worked hard for weeks to learn their lines and music .
1	Carol had easily passed her test !	She was excited to finally be a bus driver !
1	Sally saw another little girl on her walk .	Sally talked to the little girl .
0	His boss told him to never let it happen again .	He got to work 15 minutes late because of this .
0	When the trip was over , she was very sad to leave .	She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery .
1	He was not taking good care of his teeth .	The dentist found two cavities .
0	I got in my car and drove to the event .	I looked at the news and saw there was a festival .
0	It 's been several weeks and the payment has n't arrived .	Since she lived in a different state , he sent her money overseas .
1	Cam is back from Arizona to visit her friends and family .	She goes and visits some friends .
0	It was a long drive .	We went to visit her family .
1	The report said they were proud to have sent a man to Saturn .	Mark was amazed at the deceit practiced by this regime .
1	He drove to his hardware store .	He bought wooden planks and nails .
1	Mom pushed me so high I almost touched the sky .	I jumped off and flew ten feet in the air !
1	He threw a huge pasta party for his team before the game .	His teammates thanked him for being so kind .
1	Sobbing , Cal asked them why .	The boys told him it was their way of welcoming kids to the school .
1	So she asks him if he 's having an affair .	He denies the affair but asks for a divorce .
1	She sat on the porch enjoying the sun .	Her niece came out with her bike and began to ride .
0	To her surprise however she came across a celebrity sighting .	Lulu was walking her dog in New York City yesterday .
1	Benson never ate peas before .	One day his mom made peas and he refused to eat them .
1	Every time she tried , she ended up falling off and into the water .	After the day of hard work , she decided surfing was n't for her .
1	His father told him that there is not much money in that career .	Michael did n't care and persisted with his studies .
0	Alex began to cry , which made them laugh even harder .	His new neighbors gathered at the fence and started laughing .
1	Molly was thrilled to see a lady in a mermaid suit in an aquarium .	Later , she saw the mermaid at the mall , without her tail .
1	The crepes were severely losing .	The titans defeated all the crapes .
0	A wave knocked him over and he nearly drowned .	When Billy was five he went to the beach for the first time .
0	He finally asked her out .	Tina wanted to go on a date with brian .
1	He hosted parties with lines of the finest cocaine .	But the bubble burst and now he was scoring crack .
1	In such a rush , Chad was stopped by a police for speeding .	However , this was no normal police officer that pulled over Chad .
0	He called Bill but Bill did n't have it on DVD either .	His friend Bill also loved the show .
1	James just put a piece of fish in his oven .	But one of his friends asked him to play an online game .
0	She was disappointed by but got a new one .	The sweater was ruined .
1	However , I told her what happened during the day I was mad .	She understood because she thought that I was mad at her .
1	He has never been out of the country before so he 's quite nervous .	In order to pass some time , he is planning on taking a nap .
0	Her mother gave her a dollar so she could get on it .	Jill really wanted to ride it .
1	He bought the game that he wanted and saved the rest of the money .	He still mows lawns and can always buy the next game !
1	Our teacher gave us a class assignment .	We were all supposed to confess one secret we have .
1	She waits for my wife to come home .	Today the cat sat in the living room with my wife .
1	Suddenly she noticed a sign for a huge shoe sale .	She was n't supposed to spend any extra money .
0	He was n't good at most of the things they did in gym class .	Al was the scrawniest guy in his gym class , and was always teased .
0	He got to work on time , but covered in embarrassing sweat marks .	John made the four mile journey on foot .
0	While trying to get away , Ned was shot and killed .	The pair donned masks and took guns to commit the crime .
0	Johnny hopped on the bus to go to the store .	But he realized he did n't have any bread .
1	Tim needed to take the trash out .	But he was too lazy .
1	Dell was a musician from Seattle .	He had traveled the world playing his music .
1	I tried to swat it with my arm .	The bee buzzed and stung me on the arm .
0	It ended up being a waste of money .	I just started using my virtual keyboard .
0	On the day of her race , she was ready .	She gradually increased her mileage .
1	While at a friend 's one day , Helen decided to watch one before bed .	She got ten minutes into the film , before she had to shut it off .
0	Rita started playing and became very good at golf .	Rita spend some time reading about the rules of golf .
1	They issued him a pass and told him where his office would be .	Tom waited until nearly lunchtime before his supervisor appeared .
0	All she had to do was sit in on a timeshare presentation .	They offered her round trip tickets to Hawaii .
1	My friends invited me to go to the beach .	I told them I needed a ride since I have no car .
0	I put out the fire and vowed never to make hot buns again .	As I was cleaning , the buns caught in fire !
1	The stylist did not charge her but that did not fix her hair .	She waited for months for her hair to grow back out .
0	So he began living a very healthy and relaxed lifestyle	He knew the body is the most immediate sector of his universe .
1	Two months later the stock doubled in price .	Sal sold his shares and collected his money .
1	Becky was shivering from the cold air .	She needed to cover up before she caught a cold .
0	It was freshly baked cookies .	When she walked in the house she smelled something good .
1	She helps herself in the kitchen and paints her nails .	She knows I am so distracted !
1	When she finally rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster .	She had white streaks all through her hair , not blonde .
0	He tried to find her URL online .	Before they left each other , she gave him her Facebook URL .
1	Cammy was excited to graduate high-school .	She had been looking forward to walk on stage for weeks .
0	He summons the courage to come to football tryouts .	His parents encourage him to try out for the team anyway .
1	Later on , his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him .	Tom was proud of her even though he felt defeated .
1	I could barely make it through .	She was happy that I did and it was worth it , though .
0	Her friend worked hard making her a fancy meal and forgot the allergy .	Jenna was very allergic to cheese which gave her migranes .
0	They pay me monthly a few hundred dollars more than my mortgage was .	Instead of selling my townhouse I rented it out to a nice family .
1	She was nervous about what to do after graduation .	She wanted to go to college .
1	I am a big fan of PCC trolleys .	They were developed in the 1930s to modernize transit .
0	The potatoes grew very well .	One year she decided to farm lettuce too .
1	James was walking through the snow .	He slipped on the snowy area that he was walking through .
1	As I child , I liked to dig holes .	I enlisted the help of my sister to dig in a sandbox .
1	She took all day getting ready and changed clothes at least 5 times .	Matt arrived right at 5 and took Sally out to dinner .
1	I added dirt and seeds to the window box .	I watered the seeds .
0	The park became closed .	Everyone packed up and left .
1	He saw something fall from the sky .	He was not sure if it was snow or ash from a fire .
1	The night before , I came down with a bad cold .	There was no way I could go to school to take my test .
1	As she got older she wanted to get married .	She eventually got married and had a child .
1	Eventually the old purse developed a large rip that could n't be fixed	Allie sadly admitted she needed a new one and went shopping .
1	But Eli did n't seem to care .	He decided to go watch a love movie by himself .
0	Soon she had a stylish pair of homemade capris !	She carefully cut and sewed an old pair of pants .
1	One day I saw mouse eating bread on the table .	I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom .
1	Last week I took a bus to the city .	It took four hours .
1	Sam 's mom found the kitten while he was in school .	When Sam came home , the kitten was sleeping in a new pet bed .
1	Becky quit the bank and got a job at an equestrian center .	Her first day on the job , a horse kicked her in the head .
1	Cindy awoke in panic when she realized that she was late for work .	She hopped into the shower with her toothbrush .
1	My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner .	This is one of my favorite meals .
1	So I told the stylist that she should cut more off than usual .	I began to panic when I thought my hair was getting too short .
1	Then they went swimming in the lake .	After this they were tired and went home .
1	They went to the park and invited friends and family .	The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake .
0	No one told me there was a year waiting period .	I tried to use my insurance to pay for a crown .
0	I put sticky traps everywhere .	In 2007 , our condo building was infested with mice .
1	Mary put the filling in tortillas .	She served the tacos with a big salad .
0	Zach is working on his habit of working out everyday .	So , instead of doing a lot of habits , he chooses one .
0	The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down .	We put treats in each stocking .
0	She gave the doll back to Lorraine after putting its shoes on .	Her mama took the doll to put the shoes on it as Lorraine had asked .
0	He eventually went to sleep .	He stayed up late reading books under the cover .
1	He painted a fake porch white .	Then , he painted a bench purple .
0	He drew on the crib as well as himself .	When he bored of drawing on the paper , he started drawing elsewhere .
0	She asked around and no one would claim it .	She could n't figure out who had put it there .
0	With my experience there were simply none to be had .	I looked high and low for hits that would pay well for my time .
1	My friend Bobby called to invite me out to dinner .	We settled on a date , time , and place .
0	She was so thrilled , until she realized she could n't afford a dress .	Kelly had been invited to homecoming !
1	2 men were holding up an old woman , trying to steal her purse .	I rushed to help , and with the woman behind me , drove them both away .
0	She asked her mom for help and learned how to dance .	She was a little nervous , because she could n't dance .
1	Jason wants to see a good movie .	He reads the movie listings to see what is available .
1	Usually she poops on us .	That 's when we put her back in her cage .
0	Hiroshi said he was very sorry and did n't do it on purpose .	Taro was very sad and wanted to cry .
0	She woke up at five every morning to run six miles .	She trained for nine months .
0	His response started an argument that lasted for two hours .	He came across a post he disagreed with , so he posted a response .
1	He had packed his rifle and all the camping gear he would need .	The weather was looking perfect , but he still brought a rainy coat .
0	He needed an alternative way to get to work so he looked online .	Fred 's car broke down in the middle of a work week .
1	Tim was the star of a new movie .	He started filming it but he did not do very well .
1	When you would get to one tree , you had to then swing to another .	It was something very unique and special .
1	I put on my galoshes .	We all went stomping in puddles .
0	Her siblings were in the car asleep .	Gina 's family was going on a road trip .
0	The mall security had arrested my son .	I got a call from the mall .
1	The things that went first were the things we could n't believe .	There were some pez dispensers and old pencils .
0	He considered himself lucky that he had n't lost control of the car .	Jack got the spare form the trunk and changed the tired .
1	I looked around but saw no fires .	Next to me was a tall tree .
1	Glenda 's daughter was going through her terrible twos phase .	When she wanted something to drink , Glenda tried giving her something .
1	Henry 's teacher loved to teach .	Henry knew he had a great teacher and told his mother .
0	I woke up with massive sunburn all over my body .	I ended up falling asleep while still tanning .
0	She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor .	Amy was a hardworking student .
1	He found some money on the street .	He decided to turn it into the police station .
1	He decided to post online asking for some help .	Suddenly , someone sent him a message .
0	It was too much for her .	When she got to the grave she weeped .
0	The feeling was amazing .	She finally found out she won .
0	He pretended to be sick .	Paul did n't want to go to school today .
0	She loved to go to school and see her friends .	Marsha went to school every day to learn .
0	She raced downstairs to take a look at the presents under the tree .	Janet was very excited that it was Christmas so she could open gifts .
1	The repairman arrived and changed the tire .	Amy happily thanked the repair man , and drove to work .
0	Her daughters thought playing fun games would keep things interesting .	Pat and her daughters then began to plan the food for the shower .
0	It was a Sicilian style pie .	Tonight we had pizza for dinner .
0	I became terrified and started to cry .	A murderer was on the loose in my neighborhood .
1	Jonathan was intimated by his brother throughout the match .	Jonathan was able to beat his brother in record time .
1	He was unhappy .	He would have to miss work for over a week .
0	After his shower , he noticed it was a missed call for a job interview .	Bob could n't answer the phone while he was showering .
0	The sweater was ugly .	When she opened it it was a sweater .
0	He was starving all day .	Bo was angry at himself !
1	There we saw many monuments and works of art .	Getting to go to France on that trip was a dream come true .
0	Then she dipped in the water .	There , she laid out and tanned .
1	She gave him a hug and tried to ask how he 's doing .	He maintained a positive attitude and commented on her looks .
0	This year we found the cards would stay on the closet door .	We bought glue tabs but they did not work .
1	She started up her car .	It would not start up .
1	James heard about a party on the pier .	But no one told him the party was on a boat .
1	Devon loves candy .	He eats it all the time .
1	As she grew up , though , she realized that the bugs were dying .	So , she admired the fireflies from her window instead .
1	He started practicing and two strings broke right away .	John went back to the store and bought a better violin .
0	One day , I told him my favorite president was Teddy Roosevelt .	We decided to date and get to know one another .
1	They had both forgotten why they had started fighting .	Finally Kenneth called his mother to talk .
1	Albert was very excited .	He called up a Science magazine to talk to a reporter .
1	The market dropped over 1000 points .	It was a very scary moment .
0	Linda does not feel the same about Max .	Max loves Linda !
0	The boys told him it was their way of welcoming kids to the school .	Sobbing , Cal asked them why .
0	The bus passed right by the stop as no passengers were seen waiting .	The bus stop was fifty feet away from them .
0	However , Tina 's dad cleaned her dress in the laundry .	Tina was very said that her favorite dress was dirty .
0	He threw his first horseshoe and totally missed .	They explained the rules to him .
1	They wrote heartfelt letters telling Santa what they wanted .	They placed cookies and milk on the table for him to eat .
1	Alister needed a date for the school dance .	He decided he was going to ask Susie .
0	Rachel suggested that they go to the zoo .	Rachel and Timmy wanted to do something on a Sunday .
1	He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead .	He likes the honey , but thinks brown sugar tastes better .
1	In China there used to be very strict laws .	One girl thought this was unfair , and she organized a protest .
0	Luckily she found a good deal for Bose .	She could n't believe how expensive they were though .
1	Her can opener would n't work .	She checked it out and realized that it was broken .
1	I noticed that my present was simply a slow globe with glitter inside .	My brother received a gaming console .
0	This success let Mickey channel everyday woes toward something fun .	Without overdoing it , the cheap wine had in some way contributed .
1	He had a good feeling that he would win a lot of money .	Kevin was very tense while watching the game that night .
1	He saw a horse that he really liked .	It had had a very unhappy life .
0	He sat down on his couch and turned on the tv .	He poured some water in a glass and went to his living room .
1	Loni is a great man who is always there for me .	He has never turned me away when I needed help .
1	Driving home one day , I noticed the traffic was worse than usual .	After about 45 minutes of not moving at all , I finally saw it .
0	When the race started , I thought I was going to have a hard time .	I 've been training for the past week .
1	They had found a blog that her mom was writing with stuff about Emma .	They teased her about it and Emma was mortified until she could leave .
0	Abe thought getting over the fear of rejection was great .	He met a lovely woman and got married .
1	Everyday it tried to steal seeds from a bird feeder out there .	However there was a device to prevent the squirrels from getting any .
0	Now Bob 's name is Jack .	Bob filled out the paperwork and gave it to the clerk .
0	Her teacher was handing out superlative awards for everyone .	Daisy was at her middle school graduation .
1	They all wished they had not gotten him .	They gave him to the pound .
0	Eventually he became a drug dealer .	He became addicted to heroin .
1	Yesterday I decided to go Easter egg hunting .	We made it a family affair .
1	It was Mary 's 15th birthday .	She really wanted something special for her birthday .
1	Peggy went to the pet store to look at the little birds .	One small bird was singing so sweetly to Peggy she decided to buy him .
0	There was a foot of fresh powder from a recent storm .	With great excitement , he climbed into the chair lift .
0	So they decided to rob a man 's house for fun and profit .	Billy Joe and Bobby Sue were sitting at home with nothing to do .
1	He first applied at a fast food place .	Then he went to a library to apply .
0	He did pass and he got the new TV .	He worked as hard as he could on the test .
0	Then he remembered that a substitute bus had been used one day .	The nice driver carefully searched the bus but did n't find it .
0	I began to feel queasy while driving on the road .	I woke up one morning and got ready for work .
1	Chuck and Andy had plans to see a movie together .	Andy bought both tickets online ahead of time to save time in line .
1	When Kelly came back she realized she won .	She was so excited to be on the show .
0	About one if a hundred people got really excited over it .	Usually they did not .
1	He chewed on the slipper and fought with it .	Finally the slipper was reduced to shreds .
0	She finally told Ted she felt trapped without a car all day .	Sue was home all day with their two small children .
1	Yesterday she went to a dozen stores .	She ended up spending a thousand dollars .
1	Mary 's friend fell into the water .	Mary pulled her friend out of the water .
0	Lynn reminded Amy they had purchased ice cream .	Amy wanted to stop by Ben 's house .
0	But his family was too poor to buy them for him !	Matt needed new boots for winter .
1	Instead , I would create a fake author and title for a book .	Then I would invent a storyline and write my report .
0	One day the teacher reversed the order .	Alex was usually in the front of the line in class .
0	The nitro exploded and flipped his car .	He engaged his newly installed nitro .
1	Mary wanted to spend a day by the pool .	But the deck was too hot to lay in .
1	It hit the floor and scratched .	Thankfully it did n't break .
1	His dad took him out to practice in parking lots and side roads .	Steve was nervous at first , but soon became more confident .
0	Ronald stopped by and picked her up .	She portioned out the dish into separate , wrapped bowls .
1	The little gave it to him .	The man told a multitude of people to sit down .
1	Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods .	He bought the food and went home .
0	Lynn had never done anything so daring .	Her dad sat in the kitchen eating a sandwich , none the wiser .
0	The swing creaked when Laura pushed it , and she was afraid .	Below the house there was an old tree with a very old swing .
0	My teacher was very skilled and very nice .	So , I decided to take music lessons .
1	Jake slipped one day and broke his arm .	He had to wear a cast for 6 weeks .
0	Gradually she gave in , and she told me I could have one .	I told her I 'd feed it , walk it , play with it , and everything else .
0	I tried it at my friend 's birthday party sleepover .	I tried my first sip of beer in sixth grade .
1	Fred 's car broke down in the middle of a work week .	He needed an alternative way to get to work so he looked online .
1	Michelle and Julia loved going out to eat .	They especially loved going to bizarre places to try weird foods .
1	He sees that he has kale in his cupboard .	He begins to cook the kale , but becomes distracted by the television .
0	Dean did not talk to him again .	They fought and Derek won .
0	Max and the puppy got along well although Max only had a year to live .	The only way to ease the pain was to get another dog immediately .
0	It was not good but he ate it anyway .	They sat down to eat and Sandy tasted the sauce .
0	He talked to his grandchildren about it .	He did n't quite know how to use it .
1	Mary went to the store to buy turkey for dinner .	Mary got to the meat section and found turkey on sale .
0	His cooks were n't making the recipes like they were supposed to be .	Paul was the head chef at a restaurant .
0	Gradually he found himself less rushed and more organized .	Every day , he consulted his daily schedule .
1	Lee and her mom went to the mall , but Lee got lost !	She wandered around sadly looking for her mom .
0	He had been skiing for four hours when he realized he was lost .	He had planned this trip for two weeks .
0	Little did he know that the can of tuna was damaged .	He decided to make tuna salad .
0	Fred notices that washing the dishes is n't so bad .	His wife is overcome with joy that he offers to wash them .
1	Her mom told her to wait till friday .	Lilly began to cry .
0	There were too many in the house .	Matt 's cats brought in lice .
0	Then , she bought some sandwiches and brought them home .	She decided to run out to the store .
0	The next morning Sarah felt bad and went to Allies house to apologize .	They stayed mad all night .
1	She could n't afford to travel this year .	She felt so bored and alone that day .
0	None of the students had acceptable answers .	She asked every student in the class what happened ?
1	She reluctantly decided that she would attend it .	The night of the reunion , she saw many people she used to know .
0	On top , he asked for some candy bits .	He ordered two scoops of chocolate .
0	Eventually there were six people following her everywhere she went .	Employees began following her around offering to help her .
1	Bob realized that a parrot was hard work .	He decided to sell the parrot .
0	The next day , I picked up a Chihuahua mix and her two puppies .	I knew I had the space and time , so I agreed to foster them .
0	When she woke up she got lots of spoilers .	Unfortunately she fell asleep in the middle of it .
0	Lucy waved goodbye as the car drove off .	Lisa 's mom arrived and Lisa left .
0	I bought a dress and high heels .	My boyfriend asked me to go with him to the prom .
1	He started shooting at everyone in the room .	My friend was shot and is in the hospital with a hopeful prognosis .
0	We searched through the trees to find the perfect one .	We went to a tree farm and took a hayride out behind the fields .
0	His pen had broken .	He reached into his pocket and his had became covered in ink .
0	One goat bonded well with her oldest son and fell asleep in his lap .	The boys went in to pet the animals and had a lot of fun .
1	She started a second job , to save money for a vacation .	Her second month on the job , Lee won an award for best work .
1	The patron sipped the drink and said it was too cold .	The bartender took the drink back and removed some ice .
1	I was n't sure what caused the itch .	I had to wind up returning it even though it looked good .
1	My riding was riding from the opposite direction .	However , he was about to crash me .
1	She tried growing an apple tree , but the vibes covered that too .	Then , in the fall , the vibes began to droop with round orbs .
0	She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes .	Lindsay was very interested in guitar lessons .
0	Alas , I did n't work the rest of my body so I looked weird .	After a few months , my forearms were muscular !
0	We did n't do much since the power was out from the hurricane .	My family remained in the house for several hours .
1	He convinced Theo to let him leave because it was n't busy .	When Chris came back the restaurant was packed and Theo had made $ 100 .
1	She was able to choose her lunch .	She sat with her friends from class and the ate and talked .
0	They signed in and got their lanyard and a free t shirt .	They were volunteering for the Easter party that day .
0	Sally overheard me telling the story and laughed .	I went to school and told all of my friends .
0	It looked terrible .	He dug a lot of holes .
0	But then he thought of his family .	When he got out , his first thought was to get more drugs .
0	He picked out a black kitten with white feet .	She took him to the pet store as a surprise .
0	She needed some balloons .	Lily was having a party .
1	There he studied the fascinating local culture .	He even learned about the old headhunters !
1	She would sulk and pout the whole day .	After 3 months she decided to make the best of a bad situation .
1	I was shopping in the supermarket for avocados .	I made some random remark about Italian cuisine .
1	He never got a response back .	Suddenly , out of nowhere , National Geo wanted to hire him .
1	Last Saturday , my wife went to a Christmas bazaar .	A local school hosted the bazaar .
1	Tom gets accused of cheating on Ariana with a girl he met in Miami .	Tom denied the allegations .
0	Tim thought it was great and never hated jello again .	Tim tried it .
1	I rode three speed Raleigh bikes .	Later , ten speed bikes were in vogue .
1	Willy had butterflies in his stomach .	The day of the big game had arrived and he was nervous .
0	In 3rd grade he gave soccer a try .	In 2nd grade he gave up hockey for basketball camp .
1	He took one and walked off .	However , we swapped shirts and he returned to the man .
0	Bob 's wife told him that she loved him just the way he was .	No matter how hard he tried , he could n't lose any weight !
0	They decided that the score was not that important .	After the fourth game they forgot to count points .
0	When he ran out , a goose approached him , honking .	He threw all the bread he had brought .
1	Light rain began to fall from the sky .	The sniper readjusted his scope for the rain and waited some more .
1	They had standing bets but John usually won .	But on this day it was about to change .
1	He was nervous about the test in his history class .	When it was time for the test , Joe did his best .
1	At 23 Jared had never tied a tie .	He was too embarrassed to tell anyone , so he did it himself .
1	Bella was in eighth grade .	She was at her very first house party .
1	Ethan went to the dentist to have his tooth pulled .	The assistant let him watch TV while it happened .
1	She got a bunch of sour candies from Santa yesterday .	She has been pouty all day because of it .
1	After a long time , she started to get better .	Eventually she was the best on the team !
0	One pretty Saturday he invited me to go up with him on a flight .	My friend Jason was taking flying lessons .
0	As he sat watching the event unfold he felt a profound sadness .	It took weeks but Frank planned the best party imaginable .
1	My cousin introduced me to this dating application .	I decided to try it out and ended up meeting a nice female .
1	On the ground there was a $ 5 bill .	I pretended to tie my shoes so I could grab it .
0	When he found the perfect milkshake recipe , he wrote it down .	He tried all different kinds of ingredients .
1	She finally decided to draw a bouquet for her mom .	Her mother broke down crying at the reception of the gift .
1	After putting it on , she climbed a couple of steps .	Her shoe fell out and she ended up falling .
1	Bob had heard good things about Mozart 's 39th symphony .	He was n't used to classical music and was not expecting to like it .
0	He begins to cook the kale , but becomes distracted by the television .	He sees that he has kale in his cupboard .
0	Neil found Sicily very educational .	There was so much information to learn !
1	Amy was heating her food in a microwave at work .	She put the timer on too high and the food was incredibly hot .
1	She stopped in her tracks .	Gina did n't want to move again .
0	When she did finally fall asleep she , kept waking up .	But as she lay in bed she could n't fall asleep .
0	His work is requiring more hours than it used to .	Jarvis has felt more sleepy every day this week .
1	As I was merging onto the highway I slowed down .	The driver behind me was n't paying attention and hit me .
0	The players danced on the field when they scored a touchdown .	The team made lots of touchdowns during the game .
0	I was the first one at the store .	I immediately went to go and buy it .
0	However , it was freezing cold .	It was a great time .
1	He got too close and slipped .	Sam fell into the water .
1	They figured out that ice cream floats would be best .	They made the floats and both were happy .
0	Mason was sure his business would be a success .	On his first day he had many clients .
0	Tona asked my daughter to edit her college essay .	She wants to be a nurse , but her SATs scores were low .
0	My parents did not tell me right away .	He stayed in a hospital and had his tonsils taken out .
1	She had saved up money from her summer job .	Her boyfriend took her to the guitar shop .
0	However there was a device to prevent the squirrels from getting any .	Everyday it tried to steal seeds from a bird feeder out there .
1	I had trash that needed to go into the department dumpster .	I drove into town just to dump it .
1	It goes much faster than he thought .	Richard is proud of himself for completing it .
1	When I went to check it out , the line was out the door .	The chicken was amazing .
1	Tony saw a movie he thought was funny .	In it was a scene with kids catching butterflies .
1	Kay and her mom were driving home from the Mall .	Kay looked out the window , and saw a cyclone in the distance .
1	The family sat down at the table to eat and began to talk politics .	Ben 's uncle became very angry at his wife 's brother over a disagreement .
0	The cook fell into a pile of flour sacks .	Another cook walked by and slipped on the soup .
1	The co-worker took Amy to get frozen yogurt .	It was Amy 's first time trying frozen yogurt .
0	But he felt like he should keep seeing his longtime barber .	But as he started to get older , he realized the cut was n't as good .
0	I noticed a wild sow with her piglets near my ball .	I hit a long drive that landed in the rough on the second hole .
1	It kept coughing and making strange noises .	She was going to take it to the vet .
0	He sued me and I lost .	One day , I broke a customer 's furniture .
0	Jenn preferred going to the lake by herself after that .	He flipped her over in the water !
1	She wanted to impress her coaches at the next game .	So she practiced her swings and hits every moment she could .
1	There was a little girl named Sophie .	She wanted to be a dragon for Halloween .
0	Greg found Charles that summer and asked why they were n't friends ?	So Charles stopped talking to Greg .
0	He went outside and played in the warm sun .	The puppy woke up one morning .
1	She was depressed and did n't care to bathe .	After a week she began to feel better .
0	I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom .	One day I saw mouse eating bread on the table .
0	It was late at night and her parents were asleep .	A little girl wanted to eat cookies .
0	I set my purse down for just one minute .	One day I was shopping .
1	Eric noticed one of the students looking at her neighbor 's test .	The student admitted to copying answers !
1	I love watching television .	I have about six shows I love to watch .
1	My friend came to my house and asked to charge his phone .	I tried to use my charger on it but it did not fit .
1	Yesterday Kelly went out to eat .	She decided to go to her favorite restaurant .
0	She had the same teacher as the last year .	Gina was excited to see all of her friends .
1	He saved enough to buy a ring , car and house down payment .	Blake proposed and his girlfriend said yes .
1	Unfortunately they were n't on the list .	The girls could n't get in .
0	He was n't supposed to but he kept sneaking his girlfriend in .	Remy was staying with his friends parents .
1	A girl was fascinated by rain , even though she lived in the desert .	She decided she would be happier in a place where it rained often .
0	They went out and had a wonderful time .	Her anxiety melted away and she became excited about the date .
1	As she bit , part of her tooth broke .	Kerry rush to the dentist .
0	My father always worried about me because he thought I was addicted .	I spent hours on my computer every day my whole life .
0	Jane promised she would listen to her mom from then on .	Jane had nightmares for a week .
1	Tammy and her brother had a great time .	After three hours they walked home hand in hand !
1	He wanted a snack .	Bart ended up eating most of his snacks .
1	The client said if it was a money issue then he would pay any price .	The manager thought for a second and then agreed to do the job .
1	One night a very young woman came in with contraptions .	Her baby was coming way too early .
1	Afterwards , Lorraine and Fred play a game of chess .	Although she loses her first game , Lorraine is happy she can play .
1	It flew over the fence into the neighbor 's yard .	Dan climbed the fence and got the ball .
0	Janice just could not choose .	When they got to the ice cream shop there were a bunch of new flavors .
0	He practiced hard .	He thought he would never be able to play it .
1	They thanked me and headed out the door .	As they were leaving , I bid them farewell in German , and they smiled .
1	One morning , Joe was driving to work .	As he was driving around a curve , a deer jumped out in front of him .
1	One day the doctor called and said they were finally having a baby !	They waited and waited while the baby grew in Jenna 's belly .
1	He brought home a couple goats from a nearby farmer .	Sue bent to greet one of the goats .
1	She looked around for something that needed to be done .	Lorraine noticed that there was trash under her mama 's desk .
0	Tia decided that she would join a gym .	She found herself wasting too much time watching reality tv .
1	We watch it together online through a site that lets us share screens .	I started watching it with her one afternoon at 4 o'clock .
1	John wanted to try a different cuisine .	He discussed it with his wife .
0	All morning she was looking forward to her food .	Lisa was planning on eating leftovers for lunch .
0	The man thanked Joan and ate what she gave .	Joan bout some bread and water for the man .
0	There was no dessert for the dinner party .	Marsh forgot to take the brownies out of the oven .
0	He did not perform well .	At his first game he was nervous .
1	He bought the dough , sauce and cheese .	He then realized he did not have an oven !
1	Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day .	He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true .
0	Bob ended up making the best box in class !	Bob thought he would make a bad box .
0	She tried to , but it felt awkward and did n't sound good .	One of the requirements was for her to cheer in a quiet room .
0	I decided to try it .	My friend offered one to me .
0	He decided to go with his grandkids .	Even though he was old , he still rock climbed .
0	Mary went home very upset about her first day of preschool .	Mary started to cry .
1	She searched everywhere for the perfect pair .	Finally she found a pair .
1	Andrew then married her and it put everything in perspective for him .	Andrew is now happy .
0	I got my jeep stuck .	The trail we very muddy and difficult .
1	He microwaved chips and cheese in the microwave .	The cheese exploded everywhere in his microwave !
0	I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin .	I said goodbye to my girlfriend .
1	She worried that her classmates would mock her .	At her old school , she had been the only girl with glasses !
1	Tara wanted to be a better role model for her child .	She was using a lot of curse words around her child .
0	Now he 's worried about being caught for the lie .	Andrew did n't have a ticket and lied about his name .
1	Jason wants to play in the snow .	He decides to make an igloo .
1	Finally school was out for the summer .	I went home and my parents looked at me with an angry expression .
0	He went out to buy a new suit .	He needed to be ready for it .
0	They all showed up .	She asked her kids to be at the photographer 's studio on time .
0	She worried she would n't have anyone to talk to other than Ray .	Amy did n't know any of Ray 's other friends .
1	Joe wanted to make his grandma very happy .	He surprised her and remodeled her entire kitchen .
1	She was n't speeding and was confused .	The cop arrested her .
0	But Eric was irritated when their house became hotter .	He put on the stove and fried eggs .
1	Jane wanted to go to Coney Island to have a hotdog .	She worked hard all week .
0	Thankfully however when she took them she did well .	She studied hard but was n't sure it would be enough .
1	His brother loved comic books , and Brad wanted to get him one .	He asked the comic book store employee for a first edition .
0	Amy decided to go with a size larger .	She checked in the storeroom but they were sold out of her size .
1	He tried to touch her and asked if they can go out .	She immediately called security .
0	Instead , he hunkered down in his basement .	Thinking the warning was an overreaction , Ed did n't evacuate .
0	Mary won because she held hers from 25 seconds .	They wanted to see who could hold their breath the longest .
1	She gave out oranges to the kids .	The kids liked them .
0	The bear saved his forest and was able to live happily ever after .	The lumberjacks were scared and decided to go away for good .
0	She used it immediately .	She was happy with the purchase .
1	They went to the zoo as soon as it opened .	They stayed at the zoo all day until it closed .
0	The people there loved his song so far .	Then he went to a bar to share his song so far .
0	She decided to go back to college .	Frankie got fired from her job .
0	Someone thought it would be a good idea to throw them off the roof .	One year at Halloween we carved pumpkins .
0	Tim and his friends would race each other on foot to retrieve a car .	Tim worked as a valet .
1	After eating all his food , he ordered crab .	They brought him the crab , but he did n't like the taste .
1	It turns out that he is one of London 's most wanted criminals .	Jane calls the police and reports him .
0	It cheered her up to know I had thought of her when I made it .	When she got the playlist , she was very happy .
0	He had a big aquarium and he was worried about his fish .	Bee was nervous to go on vacation .
1	He found many good deals .	He made an online purchase of the skis .
1	Next to the outdoor dining area was a pond full of fish .	Joe leaned over the water to look at the fish .
0	Following a hunch , I had it appraised .	The painting depicted a Native American chief .
1	He decided to drive home .	He thought he was sober enough .
1	It was pretty amazing to see them with all the fish .	But I think it must have been even better to be a diver .
1	It would be her first time riding a horse .	Jennifer loved seeing the horse , and making it gallop .
1	He went to the dealership by himself .	When he got back to his house he had a sports car .
1	She went to her local Mexican restaurant .	She ordered steak tacos .
0	At first she was proud of her acquisition .	Kya stole a wallet from a girl in her class .
1	We had cats in our workplace .	They were there to control the mice in the building .
1	He was angry so he beat the shooter up .	Because of that , he was discharged from the army .
0	But she was afraid her mom might not like it .	Lisa made chocolate oatmeal .
0	He never missed it .	Clint loved his biology class .
0	The next day , the boy asked to sit with Marty at lunch .	Marty helped him to his feet and walked with him to class .
1	Jarvis has felt more sleepy every day this week .	His work is requiring more hours than it used to .
0	When she came back , the microwave was covered with food .	She started the timer but forgot to cover it .
1	She went to the marina with him .	They climbed into his boat .
0	I was so delighted my guitar was delivered that January afternoon !	I waited for my new instrument and did not leave my house that day .
1	She could n't take the annoying noise anymore .	She ran to his room and threw a blanket over the cage .
1	It was a battle that lasted thirty four seconds .	I finally could not hold it and I blinked first .
1	She came home and the house was freezing .	Do n't always trust the weatherman .
1	He had too much food , so he decided to share .	He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese .
0	Our names were Chere , Heather , Adrienne , MiMi and Paula .	There were five of us that summer , and we decided to start a club .
1	Bayleigh was a bad dog .	She chewed up the pillows .
0	Frank entered the room looking happier than ever .	Lilacs are Frank 's favorite flower .
1	Scarlet was a pirate ship 's parrot .	She loved her job .
1	The school was blocked off from the homes for the whole day .	Weston had to stay at the school until late that night .
0	Suddenly , the boy got angry .	She started picking on a boy .
0	He wanted to do renovations to it .	Bill just bought a house .
0	When we got home they slept for hours .	My dogs got exhausted .
1	Carson put on his favorite white dress shirt .	He saw some red spots on the pocket .
1	He was able to buy a big bird costume though .	He started to wear it in Times Square in NYC .
0	Once there , we quickly went to our apartment we had rented .	We left early on a sunday , flying out of Atlanta .
1	Amber always thought she was the best tennis player on her team .	One day , a new girl joined the team .
0	When her mom found them she yelled at Amy .	She bought them and hid them at home .
1	The car luckily stopped in time .	Jake ran home he was fine but frightened .
1	They told Emma her teacher had called and told them everything .	Emma was grounded until her grades improved !
0	Suzy comes in early and stays late to show her dedication .	She tells her boss she is ready to work extra hard for the promotion .
0	James finally picked a black and white puppy .	All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute .
1	After a few minutes , the fish got caught on the hook .	It put up a large fight since it was trying to bite the line off .
1	Dan and his brother Rob were playing with a Hot Wheels track .	The boys were neglecting their puppy spot .
1	She decided to start on a jigsaw puzzle .	After 6 hours she completed the jigsaw puzzle .
1	Susan went for a morning job .	She began to job down her favorite bike trail .
1	I had been up all day studying for my exam tomorrow .	I was very stressed out about not knowing enough material .
0	He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy .	Chad played his flute in the talent show .
1	The fourth boy , still on the cliff , looked down at the boys .	They boys looked up at the boy on the cliff with disapproval .
0	Finally yesterday I saw a book on Amazon for four dollars .	All of the book stores were selling them for over a hundred dollars .
0	I brought it to the clerk and bought it .	I saw one that really caught my eye .
0	She agreed even though it sounded boring .	Ro had never played before .
0	I had to show her how to hold the ball .	This was the first time she had gone bowling .
1	We bought candy and watched the movie during the afternoon .	Afterward , we discussed the movie .
0	He just could n't understand where he 'd last had it .	He looked for it in every room in the house .
1	I went on plenty of dates .	Some of them were successful and others were not .
1	Someone else had already paid for a full tank of gas for him .	Tony felt double blessed after getting gas on his way home .
0	I won most of them but it was almost a tie .	We all had races going down and running back up .
1	I am a very indecisive shopper so I am a little stressed .	Today I decided I was going to use two gift cards .
0	An underling poisoned half the people in the state with bad water .	He was a natural leader of men .
1	Chris decided to go with the iPhone .	His credit card was declined unfortunately .
1	During her visit a blizzard occurred .	She was very excited to see all the snow .
0	She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration .	Annie sat at her desk ready to work on her novel .
0	He called a woman in Tennessee .	Rajesh was a new employee at a call center .
0	He is very happy to be saving money by cooking at home .	He practices cooking omelettes many times until he is an expert .
0	However , decades later it has started to fall apart .	At the time , it was a very nice car .
1	The driver did not stop .	Stephanie was upset that she had to replace her mailbox .
1	I was feeling very hungry .	I decided to make some soup .
0	They parted angrily , and never spoke again .	The men could not agree whether to call it a draw .
1	Will Smith walked into Guitar Center where I was working .	Excited , I walked up to him and said , I 'm so glad to meet you !
1	He practiced at home until he was ready .	He went to the tryouts and hit every ball .
0	We made it a family affair .	Yesterday I decided to go Easter egg hunting .
0	She opened the fridge to see there was no milk for her breakfast .	Sally was staying with her grandmother on the farm .
0	Since it was summertime , it was very hot .	My family went to the beach for vacation .
0	One night we drew names from a hat and flipped a coin .	My wife and I can never decide where to eat for dinner .
0	As the bus rode off she was happy to be safe for now .	Ali knew there would be a confrontation between them .
0	Oswald regretted moving to the country .	He ran from the bat and hid in his closet .
1	My friends invited me to a party .	There was beer at the party .
0	So the day he found his trainer was absent , he saw an opportunity .	He hated the ritual though , feeling it was tedious and unnecessary .
1	I went with my friend Jane to the park yesterday .	While we were at the park we played in a giant sandbox .
0	However , it was interesting seeing everyone 's emotions come out .	I did n't feel comfortable with all of this .
1	Bill was a competent software engineer .	Beth asked Bill how she could learn .
1	Bill took his Mother out to the casino yesterday .	Bill won a jackpot on a slot machine .
0	One weekend , Tammy 's mom came to visit .	Tammy taught her cat to flush the toilet .
1	Oil splashed on his arm afterwards .	Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn .
0	The new year was about to begin and Mary met with her teachers .	Mary had just moved and was going to a new school .
1	Although the teacher was reaching out to him , he freaked to you .	He also cried while calling my name .
0	He wished he had a wife to cook him food .	He did n't feel like cooking .
1	He particularly liked caves with gemstones in the walls .	Derek became a park ranger at a cave system .
0	They leave when Jack 's shows them a picture of the real David Miller .	Everything is great until two mob goons show up looking for David .
0	We live in Boston and she lives in NYC .	On Monday my wife bought an Easter basket for our granddaughter .
1	One of my favorite new drinks is green tea .	I read in an article that green tea helps with weight loss .
0	Just then her brother walked over to the table .	Ella was telling Amy about her family .
1	When I opened the cookies ' package , I dropped the food everywhere .	I picked the cookies up , put them on my plate , and ate them anyway .
1	Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house .	Because Tommy 's lemonade was delicious , his stand was a huge success .
0	Her husband did n't tell her which one .	Terry was excited to be going to watch a TV show live .
0	We soaked in warm water and stayed in the sauna .	We had facials .
1	My husband was in a bad accident in college .	He was driving from Flagstaff to Phoenix for a gig .
0	I finally surprised her late that evening .	I kept her in suspense all day long .
0	When they finally came in , they were exhausted !	They played tag and kickball for hours .
0	Then , her sister warned her that the two had been fighting .	At first she put her brother and uncle near each other .
0	In the end we all get fed and enjoy our time together !	The other is telling silly stories .
0	I am passionate about veganism .	I have been a vegan for several years .
0	The news today said the man who crashed survived .	A few minutes later , an Ambulance came speeding the other way .
0	She looked up at her dad with tearful eyes .	Eloise dropped down to her knees .
1	They decided to go have drinks instead .	It was a great day despite the weather .
1	She had fun and made lots of friends there .	There was a bad storm at the camp this week .
0	Ted panicked and ran to his apartment to hide .	All of a sudden , he got a call warning about a terrorist threat .
0	Sandy told her husband to be careful because the grits were very hot .	Sandy cooked a big breakfast for her husband .
1	Estelle was driving home from work .	She was texting and did not see a stop sign .
0	Bob sold the exotic sand collections online .	When he got home he put the same in smaller bottles .
1	He looked all over but could n't find the source .	He decided to clean the whole house to get rid of the smell .
1	We bought glue tabs but they did not work .	This year we found the cards would stay on the closet door .
1	Jenny was finally getting a kitten .	They went to the pound .
1	Kelly was nervous to introduce her boyfriend to her parents .	When they rang the doorbell her parents looked at him quizzically .
1	Neil bicycled into the city of Perth , Australia .	From there , he booked a tour of the Great Barrier Reef .
0	They sat down and told the waitress what they want to eat .	A group of college students came into the restaurant .
0	They chummed behind the boat for 2 hours .	He decided to take his sister and mother in law fishing .
1	Now she has a lot more customers .	Hannah 's lemonade stand is a great success .
0	One night my friends and were nervous over a test .	I went to college by the beach .
1	She wanted me to get my wife to feed her .	I was amused by this crazy cat .
0	She told her husband that the house was on the verge of closing down .	As she was reading it , she began to shrivel up .
0	He was sentenced to anger management classes .	Karl was arrested for vandalism and fighting .
1	But as they grew into adults , they became friends .	Eventually Anna realized her big sister was her very best friend .
1	Several of my friends came over to my house .	They carried several food and alcoholic drinks with them .
1	By the end of the week he had 20 videos uploaded .	He did n't think people would watch them .
1	He was now almost 70 and had a huge collection .	His grandchildren always wanted to look at them when they visited .
0	She asked her sister to show her how .	Ira wanted to play tennis .
1	Jane did n't want to waste the eggs .	She made them scrambled instead .
1	Nell loved to walk in the field behind her house .	One day , as she walked she picked flowers .
1	Roger left the other car behind but he crashed in his excitement .	Roger learned his lesson and never raced again .
1	I had guests coming to my house for dinner .	Alas , the turkey in my fridge became moldy .
0	She noticed that the inside bag had been opened already .	When she got home she opened the box to have some cereal .
0	They left the horse apple orchard before George figured it out .	George was confused about her reaction .
0	At least it was an honest reaction .	That 's why I sounded like an idiot on stage .
0	He raked them to the curb to be taken away .	Max spent the day raking leaves .
0	The bear finally turned and wandered off the other way .	Instead , he stood his ground and waved his arms to look bigger .
1	Dave really hated this and wanted to get him back .	The next time , Dave tricked John and scared him instead !
1	Jason went to the store and bought ingredients .	He went home and cooked the meal as best as he could .
1	Ivy invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner .	Her boyfriend was accepted into the family with open arms .
1	By the time she woke up it was ready .	She ate it without ever thanking him for it .
1	He really wanted to be a play writer , however .	After several years , Craig completed a play he was writing .
0	I waited and waited until it was my turn .	The line was very long .
0	Ron noticed how happy they were afterwards and regret riding it .	And he made an excuse that he was feeling sick .
1	I started my flying lessons and loved them .	Over the next few Year 's , I got very good at flying .
1	They were headed to Mexico .	On the way there they stopped near the border .
1	She had to keep a log .	Now Camryn knows how much she is reading every month .
1	She also met a film producer who offered her work .	She started working for the producer and loved her knew life .
0	Jim never watched scary movies again .	He had a nightmare about the movie .
0	This year , Pa Wilson bought a huge 9 foot tree .	The Wilsons got together every year to decorate the Christmas tree .
0	Sally 's dad thought I was robbing his house .	I woke up the next day in the hospital !
0	One day he saw a terrible video .	Vick used to love to eat meat .
1	Kim was soaked when she arrived home .	She walked home from school in the rain with no umbrella .
0	A symbol of his strength and persistence , he always put it back after .	Every day , he 'd take it out and turn it over in his mouth unlit .
0	He has a bittersweet interview about his retirement .	Karl announces his retirement to the press .
0	Mark gets to teach kids sports and games .	Mark became a coach at a high school .
1	I love mowing the lawn .	It gives me time to think and meditate .
1	Brad started to cry .	His teacher said not to worry .
0	Laura asked the owner about the falling popularity .	But every year , she noticed fewer and fewer people there .
0	The nail punctured his foot , causing a lot of pain !	Suddenly , while running , he stepped on a rusty nail .
0	First party that I wanted to be over fast .	The worse part is I was the only one there .
0	At first her mom refused .	Kya wanted a snake as a pet .
0	Her mother broke down crying at the reception of the gift .	She finally decided to draw a bouquet for her mom .
0	He was very hungry .	Shay was on a dinner date .
1	She enjoyed swimming and eating lunch with her friends .	At the end of the party , everyone said goodbye and gave hugs .
0	When winter came , cedar pollen was released all over Texas .	Unfortunately , he did n't realize he was allergic to cedar .
1	But to celebrate , she did something strange .	She ate a huge ice cream sundae !
1	And Bob 's house was very hot inside .	He decided to paint his roof with a special white paint .
0	Somebody he knew was inside .	He liked being there but not at the moment .
0	Jeff stormed out , never to be seen again while Suze enjoyed the quiet .	Suze whispered in Jeff 's ear a string of commands .
1	Sam was pouring things down the drain .	He poured ketchup down the drain .
1	He sees a kid having trouble hitting the ball .	Tony shows him how fix his technique and the kid improves .
0	Eventually , I got caught by the police .	I started stealing and lying .
1	Jimmy worked for weeks on a sculpture .	He was very proud of the way it had turned out .
1	When the game was done , they realized that it 's morning time .	Zach quickly took a shower and got ready for work .
0	She went to the concession stand and bought nachos .	Mary was at a ball game .
0	They had no brands , though .	He checked the brands , to see to whom the new sheep belonged .
1	One day I was out mowing my lawn .	I spotted some kids playing across the street .
1	Tim 's friends were playing .	Tim did n't want John to play .
0	Her grades started to slip and she was always tired .	This year she played on the basketball team .
0	She was looking forward to a bowl of it .	Ida took the ice cream out of her freezer .
0	He thought he was sober enough .	He decided to drive home .
0	She was terrible !	She joined a club at her university .
1	But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did .	Stacy still had a good time playing , and was on her way back inside .
1	Bill was cleaning out his garage .	But he noticed a bunch of old things that he did n't want to throw away
1	At the end her dog won silver .	Kelly was very happy .
0	Whit waited and waited .	Brooke and Whit were supposed to meet for dinner .
1	The tow truck took the car to a garage where it was repaired .	Paul then realized attempting repairs yourself can be expensive .
0	After the tour , we stopped for pizza and took a long bus ride home .	We arrived at the statue and spent several hours exploring .
1	Bob went to the hardware store for more tile but they had none .	Bob bought different tiles and hoped that no one would notice .
1	Before we start the care , he makes sure I buckle myself in .	One day another car hit us while we were driving .
1	Ora 's mom told her that the family had a very high gas bill .	They could not afford bills that high , so changes would be made .
1	He bought more than he should reasonably attempt to carry home .	Todd unreasonably attempted it anyway .
0	During the class I was able to answer most of the teacher 's questions .	I walked into my math class feeling confident .
0	One day she met a man who was the shoe-shiner in her building .	April hated going to her internship because she hated her coworkers .
1	Amanda got a job writing for the school paper .	She was given her first article .
0	At the fair the mayor said this was the best parade ever .	After the parade was over there was a big fair at the park .
0	Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it .	Their escape had been entirely too easy .
1	Ella is a toddler who likes to play ball .	She can kick and throw the ball .
0	The next week scientists said a meteor was headed to earth .	Brad felt like he wasted his time on the shelter .
1	He had not studied one bit for this exam .	John started cramming for the exam .
0	She brought out the bag of catnip , and scattered it on the carpet .	Laura was bored , and decided to have a catnip party .
0	The show was to Balmain .	I got fashion show tickets in the mail .
1	She was so nervous !	She practiced all week .
0	I got up to turn on the fan .	I felt like it was very hot in my room .
1	Margo has been the girl of my dreams for Years .	Last week I finally asked her out .
1	His friend gave him an energy drink .	Tim felt much more awake .
0	She kept staring at the road intently .	Susan was driving to work .
0	He asked his mom and dad for one , and they said yes !	Marco really wanted a new puppy .
0	He found a tutorial and it was very simple .	Eli googled the procedure .
1	Four years later he graduated with his degree .	Carlton applied to his local police force and started training .
0	Erica decided to watch television .	Erica was bored .
1	Evan loved football .	He was too small to play .
0	Finally , they settled on root beer floats .	They wanted something that would appeal to customers of all ages .
0	She posted online hoping to find free ones .	She needed some baby gates but could n't afford them .
0	she loves helping people get the finances they need .	Jamie is working to be a banker .
0	He looked back in his truck .	He thought he put it on the table .
1	She sees many stores selling beautiful homemade soap .	Tiffany does research and sets out to begin making her own soap .
1	She went to the salon to get her hair cut .	She decided to go with an expensive cut .
0	As she was stretching , she heard a loud noise .	She was getting ready to do her talent .
0	Their efforts worked , and Aaron got a commendation .	Aaron began digging line to create a boundary .
0	Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club .	They sold out within an hour !
0	She was heartbroken that she had messed up her mom 's famous soup .	Whitney finally tried a bowl and it was lumpy and disgusting .
0	Ryan placed his new game in his system .	He ran over to his tv and turned it on .
1	Her school noticed her efforts .	They made Susie captain of the brand new cheer squad !
1	Alexis became very good at soccer .	Alexis had a tryout with a professional team .
1	Tom bought some shells for Clint 's birthday .	His car would not start , so he rode his son 's bike to Clint 's shop .
1	Tim bought a new Harp .	He let Meg borrow it .
1	That person took photos of Maria .	Next , the person shared pictures of Maria with celebrities .
0	All of a sudden the internet went down .	Sam was online .
1	She was supposed to go to dance class right after .	But , her gums were very sore after the appointment .
0	Ben felt so good about helping out !	He would walk the dogs and play with them .
1	John asked if reading any material would be effective .	John 's friend said that not all reading material was beneficial .
0	However to their dismay , their enemy Tina arrived .	The two of them were very excited .
1	I loved the cat .	The only problem was that she seemed scared of me .
1	Mike wanted to earn a pizza party at school .	In order to do so , he needed to get good grades .
0	I paid and drove home .	I drove to the store and did my shopping .
0	He did so well , he won second prize !	Eventually he entered a bowling league contest .
1	Lucas was swimming in the Caribbean Sea .	He swam between a large rock , and was shocked by what he saw .
0	His team had a big game coming up and he was nervous .	Derek was a great basketball player .
1	He found a toy .	The boy played with that toy all day .
1	It was much higher than she had thought .	Mel suddenly loved her summer job !
1	Eventually , a thunderstorm occurred .	I was extremely nervous and decided to hide under my bed .
0	That was enough for her .	She decided to turn it off .
1	She joined a gym .	The workouts made her feel energized !
0	Jimmy mowed lawns for money .	The pair he wanted was twenty dollars .
0	I just left it there , and continued to the dog park .	I forgot to bring a plastic bag to pick up the poop .
1	But she really wanted a boy .	To her dismay , her doctor had said she was having a girl .
1	She asked her parents for a cat .	They told her they 'd think about it .
0	Steven worked his way up to advanced classes with seasoned performers .	Steven took beginners classes and improved his skills .
1	He ended up losing his cell phone .	He retraced his steps and went to the last bar he went to .
0	He felt bad about the vendor so he returned and bought a candle .	Bill left and bought his clothes .
0	She was waiting at a different restaurant !	She asked where he was .
1	She went going on vacation .	Jane asked her friend to feed her bird for her .
1	He and his mother were very happy to see each other .	Francisco promised he would never wait so long to see her again .
1	Mom was hoarding a lot stuff to pass onto her children .	Mom passed away .
1	When she arrived , she found that it was empty .	Carly went to the store and bought a small inflatable pool .
0	She cooked the meat .	Ruthie decided to try a new spaghetti sauce .
1	He had to update everything inside , especially the rug .	Tom yanked up the old shag rug , piece by piece .
1	When it arrives , I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat .	I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school .
1	He also did n't particularly want to !	But his friends wanted to go to a restaurant that served food live .
1	There had been small earthquakes before but none like this .	The next morning the news confirmed it was an earthquake .
0	Gina was scared , but she showed her anyway .	Gina 's friend wanted to see her brothers NWA tape .
0	They drank all night long .	They ordered lots of drinks .
1	Jenna was going sun tanning at the beach .	She read a book while catching the sun .
1	Uther felt like he could just melt , he was so embarrassed .	Minutes later , no one was paying him any attention at all .
0	Bob was excited and took a picture with the bird .	All of the sudden , a bird decided to perch on his shoulder .
1	Every boy in town was too shy to talk to her .	They all thought she had a boyfriend .
0	When Bob got home , he realized that he forgot to buy milk .	When Bob decided that he was done , he checked out and headed home .
0	One was close to home the other across the country .	Beth had to choose between universities .
0	The teacher approached Amy and told her she was receiving a D .	Amy worked harder in the class than previously .
0	Tricia bit into something hard .	Her tooth was hanging on by just a little bit .
0	I dripped water all over the wood flooring .	I had to walk nude to the closet .
1	He found a bunch of bad jobs that paid almost nothing .	Then he found one that paid pretty good to write short stories .
0	She struggled to open it 's door .	The little girl waked to the barn .
0	He ran in our house and made the carpet dirty .	My dog got his paws muddy .
1	It was a swelteringly hot day .	Ava poured some juice into ice cube trays .
0	They would no longer be able to send him to the private school .	One day after school , his father told him that he lost his job .
1	But then she saw all kinds of beetles scurrying around !	May was disgusted and threw her digging implements down .
0	Their boots kicked up massive clouds of dust .	The troupe was returning !
1	He thought he could handle it and took a big bite .	He cried and drank water for almost twenty minutes .
1	One day while biking she spotted a fox .	Lindsay stopped in her tracks .
0	After the first block Amy was winded and struggling to run .	She was excited the first day when she started running .
0	She was crushed , but then had a good idea .	Then she was told her legs were too short for a ballerina !
1	He started looking for a new provider .	He found a great deal and bought it .
0	Joe got busy building a fabulous dog house .	Joe 's new dog slept in an old box on the porch .
0	After I started the beat , she began to sing .	She told me that she can sing well .
1	Amy had taken her sister Ali with to a friends house .	Ali had gotten into a fight with the friends little sister .
0	Arriving at the park she noticed a large amount of ducks .	Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go to the park .
0	They booked and packed for a trip to the Caribbean .	Amy and Charles were going on a cruise for their anniversary .
1	Since the traffic was huge , I ended up reaching to the bar late .	Me and my wife met up with the bartender .
0	They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow .	Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation .
0	Pam knows which shoes to wear now .	Brian donated 99 pairs of shoes to the local woman 's shelter .
0	Edison is in the hospital .	He crashed his car while driving .
0	Bill kept on being creepy his whole life .	Right next to his creepy dog .
1	Michael wanted to earn good grades .	He would study all day .
1	It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there .	I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes , and nothing .
1	However his food came and was lukewarm and seemed cheap .	He wrote a negative review and turned it into the magazine .
0	He won two tickets to a weeklong cruise !	He was thrilled !
0	He was extremely burnt and could n't stay still .	It fell on his arm .
1	Last night , he wore a top hat .	I ca n't wait to see what he wears tonight at dinner !
1	There were no other kids on their block .	She was playing in the yard when a car pulled up .
0	Although she was excited , she cried a little as he drove away .	Once her things were in the room he said goodbye and left .
0	She was very candid and put everything in the diary .	Kim had an online diary that she wrote in daily .
1	It was halfway through the semester , and John was failing his classes .	He decided to go to the library and study .
0	All the seniors would be honored tonight .	Sam had been playing football since he was 7 Year 's old .
1	He unwrapped the large box last .	Inside was a Wii U .
1	Another drop of water landed on his head .	Sam looked up and saw a leak in the ceiling .
0	Eventually a few joined in as well .	Others saw him do it .
0	I did n't care to listen to her .	The orthodontist told me not to chew gum .
0	They sat on a blanket along with the food .	They packed cold chicken and potato salad along with drinks .
1	They decided to grocery shop together .	During their trip , they got stuck behind a lady with many kids .
0	It was a diet program that made you portion out your food .	Marcy wanted to start the 21 day fix program .
0	At night he heard thumps coming from the attic .	He had never stayed with her before .
1	Luke camped out to be in line for the pre sale of movie tickets .	When he got up to the cashier they told him he was the lucky winner .
0	After an hour I beat the game .	Thankfully the levels were easy .
0	Finally , she decided she would need to buy more .	She still needed to do the second coat .
0	He kissed her .	When they sat on the bench he took her face .
1	I researched Congress accomplishments online and found nothing .	I asked everyone if Congress Accomplished anything and got nothing .
1	Martha needed a job .	She was interviewed at a fast food place .
1	Julie looked around her house at the stacks of books .	She realized that she had no idea where the book she wanted was .
0	Kim bought cards and hid them in her desk at school .	Kim 's mother did n't want her to have Garbage Pail Kids cards .
1	Sometimes , it was so exhausting , she thought of giving up .	Jes persevered , and after two years , earned her teaching degree .
0	Matt 's friends never golfed before .	Matt invited his friends to join him .
0	She neglects to replace the scratching post .	Her cat destroys the scratching post in a few weeks .
0	Eventually he had enough money for a trip .	Dave worked hard and saved his money .
1	I reached for my cell phone to call triple A .	It was then I discovered I had left my cell phone at home .
0	Eventually , they decide to conserve money and drive to a nearby city .	They carefully construct their travel budget .
0	The paramedic called me an idiot but at least he saved my life .	I had to call 911 .
1	Jason 's headphones have n't worked for many weeks .	He has been commuting to and from work without any music .
0	We listened in as the cops asked each other how a bear could be there .	One night he called security , reporting a wild bear outside our dorm .
0	She hated painting photos .	Sally was an artist at school .
1	He walked into the living room and vomited .	Her mother found the candy in the vomit .
1	I 'm working in the yard today .	I am picking up all the random sticks .
0	Her most difficult question was if she preferred fame or fortune .	Her coach asked her many questions .
1	Angie met a guy named Matt .	They started talking every day .
0	She was able to get lots done .	The carrier worked .
0	After some weeks it finally started to turn brown and die .	Dan bought some weed killer and poured it all over the grass .
1	There were only a few buses so they were all packed .	Amy had to stand on an overcrowded bus 20 minutes to get home .
0	As soon as the concert started she was in heaven .	She won VIP passes and she could n't wait .
1	He said it was economical .	One day his friend ran out of gas .
0	Mary said her co-worker 's potato salad must have spoiled .	Later that day , several people at the picnic felt ill .
0	It ruined her couch .	Cindy was mad at her puppy .
1	He saw footprints in the snow and followed them to a cave .	He listened closely , but only heard silence .
0	The hike was arduous , but the fresh air and sunlight were wonderful .	She never was the sporty type , but wanted to get in touch with nature .
1	He needed to get an A on his final exam to pass the class .	John spent the weeks before the exam studying all day long .
0	It was better than he thought it would be !	Joe spent the next three hours playing his new video game .
1	Amy was a hardworking student .	She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor .
1	It was a hot and sunny day out .	Jimmy was playing basketball outside .
0	He told Charles he was hired because the boss liked his shined shoes .	Charles was hired , but his boss said competition was close .
1	I have been struggling with my bench press lately though .	I ca n't seem to be able to put up more than two hundred pounds .
0	For a moment she was not sure what to do .	Then she realized that she did n't have enough left .
0	One day he decided to try the elevator .	Tim usually took the stairs up to his office .
0	For three years she succumbed to depression .	Kelly had lost her baby and took it very hard .
1	The teacher introduced herself to the class today .	They were happily until the teacher started to act serious .
1	Eli predicted the stock market trends on a lark .	When every prediction came true his friends were in awe .
0	When we were home , both dogs got a big scolding .	We scooped both dogs up and brought them home .
0	I decided to make some soup .	I was feeling very hungry .
1	Rob was a fan of basketball	It was now March Madness season in college basketball
1	She was n't quite finished when the deadline day arrived .	Jennifer got to the office early to be sure she had time to finish .
0	The woods are n't dense and are right behind her house .	Yesterday Lauren decided to go for a walk in the woods .
1	He had no time to fix it .	And he rushed to school .
1	I did n't feel comfortable with all of this .	However , it was interesting seeing everyone 's emotions come out .
0	She freaked out and stepped away .	A stranger grabbed her arm slowly .
1	Nick really wanted to go to Japan .	He thoroughly enjoyed and had knowledge of the country 's culture .
0	He bought the food and went home .	Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods .
0	Finally , his father bought a lock for it .	He kept getting out of bed to have his father check it .
0	We took the bus back to Boston .	We stayed at a quiet hotel and had dinner .
0	She met many friends there .	She had a great time there .
0	She had met up with a porcupine .	There were long needles sticking out of her snout .
0	I brought them home and got a recipe .	I went to the store and bought ingredients .
0	Tia realized she should n't have drank the untreated water .	But soon her stomach was cramping horribly !
0	They tried to see how far they could throw to each other .	Two kids were playing football in the street .
1	They were not going to let it happen again .	They ran top speed to Lynn 's house .
1	There was a fight between two large families at the park .	The kids were crying , and screaming by the time the police arrived .
0	Even though the gift arrived late , the giftee still appreciated it .	Unfortunately , it would n't be shipped in time for Christmas .
1	The doctor checked Jim 's temperature and his throat .	The doctor prescribed Jim some medicine and told him to rest .
0	I enlisted the help of my sister to dig in a sandbox .	As I child , I liked to dig holes .
0	The next day there were many birds eating at his birdhouse .	Dan built a pretty birdhouse to put in his backyard .
1	She finds herself becoming much stronger than she thought possible .	Julie sends her trainer a special thank you note .
1	My cat loves getting treats .	She goes above and beyond in an effort to earn them .
0	Ben got a cute little nightlight .	His mom told him he could get a nightlight .
0	They knew Mama wanted a vacation .	The kids wanted to do something special for Mother 's Day .
1	He always yelled out when the teacher was talking .	This time the teacher had had enough of his yelling .
0	However , he would need some time to adjust to the new layout .	Truman was overjoyed when he got his package .
0	The Black Swordsman , Guts .	Only one figure remained standing
1	Rico wanted the ham sandwich , so he grabbed that bag .	Rico realized later that he grabbed the wrong bag .
0	Cindy was alone .	Valentine 's day came around next year .
0	When he saw a cute girl shivering , he loaned her his coat .	Doug went to a football game in sub-zero weather .
1	She still needed to do the second coat .	Finally , she decided she would need to buy more .
0	Bob submitted his story to the green apple publishing company .	Bob decided to write a story about his time in the military .
1	I was really nervous the first night I went out with my girlfriend .	I was afraid that I would say or do something dumb .
1	One day , their neighbor realized what was happening .	He called the cops .
1	I told my supervisor immediately .	They had to call it in the proper authorities .
0	The cousin dared Dan to dive from a high overhanging rock .	When the cousin went to the swimming hole , Dan followed .
1	He and a friend took the long drive to Utah to find a good mountain .	They spent a terrific weekend snowboarding .
0	When Dan arrived his mom was on the phone .	Dan hurried home hoping the teacher had n't already called his mom .
0	Then he practiced essay writing .	He reviewed all his notes .
1	And he enjoyed taking care of animals .	He felt sad when the day was over .
0	Matt ate it .	He had one in the fridge .
1	He declined it .	Within a year of having it the television broke .
1	She tried to gently put it on the table , but it was too hot .	She accidentally spilled the soup across the table .
0	Jarvis used his money to travel in search of new treasure .	Jarvis sold the find to a museum .
0	It turned out that her bill was late .	She checked her account online .
0	We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin .	We also went for a hayride through the woods .
0	He loved every minute of it .	For his 16th birthday his parents surprised him with flying lessons .
1	Frank picked up his phone and called for help .	After an hour or so , a towing vehicle arrived to help Frank .
0	The phone was buzzing all day with phone calls .	Since she was busy from work , she did n't respond back .
0	In English class , he usually did poorly .	Ben was never a good story teller .
0	Tim knew how to put those supplies together .	He went to the store to pick up supplies for it .
0	She eventually got married and had a child .	As she got older she wanted to get married .
1	After walking around for a while , we came upon the petting zoo .	Both of the kids were excited , and wanted to feed the little goat .
1	So I decided to mash roasted garlic into the potatoes .	I used my hands to mash the garlic .
0	He wrote a research paper on the origins of black slavery in America .	But in 9th grade he learned how horrible slavery was for blacks .
0	She decided to go on social media , but immediately closed the page .	The thirty six emails from him had scared her .
1	I was tired of fixing it all the time .	I decided to get a new car .
1	This caused a lot of problems .	He got kicked off the team .
1	He could n't afford to fix his car .	Somehow it still worked so he drove it around like that .
1	She started working with others and made many friends .	She started to become promoted and was very successful .
1	We put out ant traps but a few came back .	They are finally gone , although we do not know the reason .
1	Lucy , unable to find her own , was extremely jealous .	Just as she was about to give up , a sand dollar washed up by her feet .
1	I looked high and low for hits that would pay well for my time .	With my experience there were simply none to be had .
1	Jane looked at herself one last time before she left her apartment .	She got a taxi outside and arrived at the bar .
1	Byron thought it was time to retire .	He put in his paperwork and retired .
0	The rake cracked in the middle as I was using it .	I was raking the leaves in my front lawn with an old rake .
1	He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal .	He has finished all of his chores .
1	It was very fun and we went to New York .	The only problem was we ended up getting lost .
1	She want to miss work .	She called in and her boss was really mad .
1	But she had no money to donate .	She decided to offer her time instead .
0	Luckily , he was not hurt , and his insurance paid for the repairs .	One day , he was driving and got hit by another car .
1	Bob 's dream was to be a soccer player .	His peers kept on telling him he would n't make it .
0	Henry knew he had a great teacher and told his mother .	Henry 's teacher loved to teach .
1	Charles wanted to watch his favorite show on the television .	When he sat down on the couch , he could n't find the remote .
1	Jimmy would spy on her with his dad 's hunting binoculars .	One day the neighbor 's dad came knocking on the door .
1	Her anxiety melted away and she became excited about the date .	They went out and had a wonderful time .
1	Finley was my puppy .	He was n't very well trained .
1	He decided to go to a computer store at the side of town .	He found a perfect one for a cheap price .
0	The man decided to throw a punch at Jim .	Jim got up and argued with him .
1	Unfortunately , he touched the file with Pete 's homework and deleted it	When Pete saw what happened , he got mad .
1	Valentine 's day came around next year .	Cindy was alone .
1	He spent more time at the bar to find out why .	It turned out the bartender was giving away free drinks to girls .
1	Eric sat at his desk and feel sleepy .	During lunch he had a hard time eating his food .
0	Phil spends time in the army and the time has come to go to war .	He speaks with his closest friends who recruits him to the army .
0	Luckily I was able to get a new flight .	Security took too long .
1	Charles wanted to join the bicycle club like his friend Kevin .	But Charles was n't a rider , he did n't even have a good bike .
0	They have been wanting one for a while now .	The Samson 's adopted a puppy .
1	Sade next tried out for the dance team and band .	She is now in the advanced band and lead on the dance team .
0	She chose the pink dress and wore her brand new outfit the same day .	One was a little pink dress and the other was a pair of overalls .
0	He waited for their answers .	Burton applied online to his favorite universities .
1	We burned a few cow parts .	But eventually she got the hang of it .
1	He hated the peppermint taste and it 's hard crunch .	John complained to his parents .
0	Bob 's neighbor called him three days later to tell him he had his dog .	Bob put up reward posters all over the neighborhood .
1	Today I bought a new bunny .	The bunny really likes to hop around my backyard .
0	The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake .	They went to the park and invited friends and family .
0	A giant muskrat leaps out and scares him .	As he walked outside , there was loud rattling of the bushes .
0	She answered the phone when it rang .	Amy watching TV at home .
0	He signed up for a woodshop class .	Tom was a middle school student .
0	Both Erin and the cat got out safely .	She woke to a house full of smoke .
0	Then he noticed that it was very quiet .	He began to sing his song .
0	She had no idea where he was , but he was holding her up .	He was looking for her dad .
0	He pulled into the nearest drive thru .	He knew he needed something to pick him up .
1	While the doctors worked , she stayed fast asleep .	By the time she woke up , the surgery was over .
1	He was able to save the person 's life .	Albert 's fiancee was impressed and he felt heroic .
1	Robbie extorted the rich banker for millions .	He thought he 'd gotten away with it , too .
0	Bill won a jackpot on a slot machine .	Bill took his Mother out to the casino yesterday .
1	She was told she would be working in the stockroom .	She was to take things out of boxes to put on the floor .
1	She was accepted at UMO and graduated at the top of her class .	Sarah is now a very successful psychologist .
1	A protester threw a brick at the library and cursed education loudly .	The librarian came out and told them to please be more quiet .
1	There I spent forever looking for one .	I finally found the perfectly awesome choice .
1	He took Mary out for a romantic dinner .	Tony pulled out a little blue box .
0	At work , her boss told her to start wearing make-up .	DeeDee does not wear make-up .
1	And now the coffee she had before class was making her jittery .	Her hands were shaking , and she was sweating slightly .
1	I bent the string for a vibrato effect .	Suddenly , I felt a pop and a slap in the face .
1	Every day as he went to work he thought about other things he could do	He knew that if he hated his job , that he would have a miserable life .
1	It was delicious and refreshing and she could n't wait to finish it .	She put it on her car roof while fishing for her keys .
1	One day a masked man approached her belligerently .	He brandished a gun and demanded money from her .
0	Now I ca n't close the gate at the end of my driveway at all .	I tightened them up as best as I could .
0	He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World .	He decided on a way to keep his mind off his loneliness .
1	He went to Safeway and applied for a job .	The next day he learned that he got the job .
1	But in 9th grade he learned how horrible slavery was for blacks .	He wrote a research paper on the origins of black slavery in America .
1	She let them cook for 4 hours .	Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork .
0	Suddenly she was getting a lot of likes on her posts .	Billy started posting list articles with broad appeal .
0	She had worked hard in all her classes .	Erica was excited to graduate high school .
0	However , she did not have apples for the pie .	Amanda wanted to bake a apple pie .
1	I did n't know how .	My friend recommended I use a pivot table .
0	The bartender took the drink back and removed some ice .	The patron sipped the drink and said it was too cold .
1	He rushes to the sound and realizes it is a person drowning .	He saves the person and brings them back to shore .
0	Bill would wait and watch the victims of his pranks , laughing .	Bill always loosened the cap on the salt shaker in restaurants .
0	So , I covered a ball in peanut butter .	He did not like playing with balls .
0	This is one of my favorite meals .	My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner .
0	She was so proud when she managed to do it herself !	She had instructions for how to change her tire .
1	He pulled Ed aside and asked him some questions .	Then he sent the police to arrest Ed 's dad !
1	I loaded the car and we got an early start .	Thirty miles down the road I realized I had n't packed a bag for me .
1	She has applied to many jobs in other fields over the past week .	She hopes to land some interviews soon .
1	She bought them and hid them at home .	When her mom found them she yelled at Amy .
1	Tina was very said that her favorite dress was dirty .	However , Tina 's dad cleaned her dress in the laundry .
1	He loved making people laugh and wanted to do it forever .	His dad thought clown college was a joke .
1	However , one night , both dishwashers are sick .	John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes .
0	Her mother smelled the vanilla downstairs and took the burner from her	At home she lit a tea light and put in the burner .
0	Just as he was about to give up , he remembered his friend had soda .	He then went to the local store , but it too was empty .
0	Stacy still had a good time playing , and was on her way back inside .	But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did .
1	The starting gun fired and she was off like a flash .	She sped around the track like a blur .
0	Now Suzy is working on her own scarf .	She asked her grandma to teach her .
1	Amada was sure she would win , so she did n't bother training .	When the race came , Amanda lost to a girl who had trained her hardest .
1	It went right through their neighbor 's window .	Bobby went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry .
0	Carly went to the store and bought a small inflatable pool .	When she arrived , she found that it was empty .
1	She and her friends built large trebuchets in their backyards .	They had some epic medieval style fights , using the books as ammo .
1	She quickly learned that they were pseudoscience and could not help .	Still she thought that her birthstone was a lovely color .
0	Both Chuck and his wife have raised a very nice little girl !	After reading the books Chuck felt more confident .
1	Once her things were in the room he said goodbye and left .	Although she was excited , she cried a little as he drove away .
0	Her mother saw the dog in the kitchen and screamed .	But her mother was afraid of dogs .
1	His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby .	Doug accepted but was nervous because it was n't a diamond .
0	She loved the dog very much .	Jenna got a dog .
0	It smelled really good while it was baking !	Timmy 's mom was making a cake .
0	I did n't have flour for the cake !	I decided that I should make a cake .
0	It took weeks to find one .	Most cases she tried , did not fit .
1	The couple 's cat jumped up on the bed .	The cat laid down and snuggled with the couple .
1	One of the guys playing basketball asked Greg to join the game .	Greg was relieved that he was going to get to play .
0	Instead of cooking , she decided to order pizza for her family .	Carol had a long day at work and was tired .
1	A shot rang out and when the smoke cleared , someone was dead .	Nick told the judge he was being framed .
0	He got a raise at his job for having his new degree !	Soon he graduated with honors .
1	So he had 3 double cheeseburgers , large fries , and drinks .	After eating , he made his way to the stadium .
1	Mid-way through the alley a man with a knife demanded my wallet .	I handed him my wallet and he ran away .
1	Ally just could n't see it .	To her Reggie 's dinosaur looked like a bunny .
0	We looked around for something to do .	My friend and I were very bored .
1	Dawn told her to stop drinking sodas .	Stacy lost 5 pounds in a week after giving up on drinking soda .
0	Everything he owns is blue .	His dog is blue .
1	He did them all and let them dry .	His roommate went to use one .
0	She planned a great trip .	She wanted to surprise him .
1	It was hidden inside a big red box .	When she opened it she was very surprised !
1	Tori refused to eat broccoli .	Her mother could not convince her to eat it .
0	She had run out of clean underwear .	Tammy had n't done the laundry in weeks .
1	When he got home , his mom did n't notice right away .	His mom DID notice when half his glasses fell in his noodle soup !
1	London was busy catching up with laundry .	She was puzzled when the clothes would n't dry in the dryer .
0	Paramedics arrived in just a few minutes .	A man had suffered severe head trauma .
1	Her friends invited her to a Christmas party .	She attended .
0	It was really out of control .	My friends got a new dog .
1	It was a hot day , and they wanted ice cream .	They stopped by a local ice cream parlor .
1	It would n't heat up .	He checked the water heater .
1	Except , Jacob did n't propose during a break in the game .	Some people booed , because Jacob was distracting them from the game .
1	Austin decided to bike to the store and get food anyways .	In the end , Austin 's parents found out did but not get mad at him .
1	The day came for them to go .	Her husband did n't want to go anymore .
1	She started by cleaning out all of the trash .	After that , she arranged all of the books on the shelves .
1	When he pulled over , he found that he had a flat tire .	John had to call AAA to get his tire fixed .
0	In the mall he saw many things were out of stock .	He raced to the mall .
0	The instructor was impressed with Sue 's skills .	However , she passed with flying colors .
1	Rob paid the passport agency a lot of money to have it delivered fast .	However , the passport agency shipped Rob 's passport way too late .
1	He overpowered me , so I called the police .	I left the scene with bruises , scratches and other injuries .
1	She used the money to organize the remainder of items in the garage .	She was delighted when her car fit into the garage with room to spare .
1	This morning I had a terrible headache .	I asked my son Simon if he could take the dog out .
1	She wanted to remain composed .	She would cry when she was alone .
0	Finally he returns to the store with money to buy the shampoo .	He has to drive back home in order to get money .
0	Anita ducked but another man did n't .	The man behind her yelled everyone get down , he had a gun .
1	She had hoped the bully would pick on the new boy in her class .	But the new boy had n't been bullied .
1	But soon her stomach was cramping horribly !	Tia realized she should n't have drank the untreated water .
0	He needed to sleep for work in the morning .	Charlie 's neighbors were making too much noise .
1	My friends and I were filming a skit .	We wrote the ideas and were preparing a set .
0	The news was filled with stories of young girls in the area dying .	Maddie knew that staying home alone was n't a good idea .
1	I 've been at third base for the past two weeks .	Getting to field means i get to bat , which is a nice change .
0	Jose had a great time at the prom with his friends .	His friends all invited him to go stag with them instead .
1	He was denied by his manager .	He left the company soon after .
0	After one try Matt changed the tire by himself perfectly .	His dad showed him once and then made Matt change it while he watched .
0	Grandpa gave Lucy $ 35 for her effort .	Lucy spent the whole afternoon counting and organizing the coins .
1	It had snowed so heavily that winter .	Marcy saw the snow was finally melting .
1	The third week we invited some other friends and it was fun .	That night one of our friends had a heart attack and died .
0	Sally went with her parents and got the puppy .	She looked online and saw someone giving them away .
0	My hard work paid off !	On the last day of class , my teacher praised me for my improvement .
1	The sun was out and the weather was perfect .	He decided to take the day off from work and play a game .
1	But this time she needed the comfort of her mother laying next to her .	After a few minutes she was finally able to fall asleep .
1	His mom told him he could get a nightlight .	Ben got a cute little nightlight .
0	She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut .	However , Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway .
1	And it landed on the side that was already cooked .	She was too scared to try flipping it again .
0	Then , Miley waited and dreamed of what she would get for Christmas .	She gave the list to her mother , who was pleased to see it .
1	She knew she needed to prove it was a good idea to keep the dog .	So she told her mother all the good things she could come up with .
1	Each one left with a souvenir .	The kids loved the museum .
0	They all ate heartily .	Tam and his family ordered Chinese one night .
0	Suddenly he heard footsteps behind him .	John was on the trail running .
1	I went to the bank yesterday .	I needed to make a quick deposit and noticed they had candy out .
0	They decided to take their time and stop at lakes to swim , everyday .	There was no reason for them to get home right away .
1	Once the arrived in the little town , they were in a very bad wreck .	No one was hurt , but their truck , food and toys were destroyed .
0	He had a lot of fun and wants to do it again soon .	After taking proper safety precautions he started shooting .
0	He was forced to ask strangers for them .	The pump required four quarters .
0	Not surprisingly , no one ever showed up .	My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these .
0	When I tried to get into contact with Henry , I could n't find him .	After a few months , I needed some extra money .
0	I made a reservation with my credit card , paying nearly 200 dollars .	My neighborhood is one of the few places where you can ride a Gondola .
1	He dad said to picture all the germs that went into her mouth .	Once she did that she never chewed her nails again .
1	The audience goes wild !	Shayna will never be afraid of seeking out an audience again .
0	I went home and my parents looked at me with an angry expression .	Finally school was out for the summer .
1	Shia was the lead singer of a band .	So Shia had the tendency to be a dick .
1	She made him remove his shirt so she could iron it .	Then she sent him on his way , looking much better !
1	Sally did n't have any clean clothes to wear .	She had to do the laundry .
1	I went to make my bed .	However , there was an alligator in my bed .
1	Gerald ordered the waffles and chicken wings , his favorite food .	On the way there , the server dropped the food and it fell over Gerald .
0	Did n't think about it too much because shoes did n't mean much to me .	I decided to buy new sketcher shoes at Academy .
0	His mom found them on Sunday , blowing around the yard .	He was supposed to put them away when he was done .
1	As a result , I had the opportunity to see various animals .	Unfortunately , a bear broke through its cage and ran away .
0	I am a transit buff , so I feature photos of subway cars and trolleys .	Unlike many , I do not use photos of family or pets .
0	He was wrong .	He did n't think Rodney would take advantage of him .
1	We seen a raccoon and the park ranger allowed us to feed him .	The huge raccoon ate out of our hands which tickled as he did so .
0	At the end , Marcia looked in the mirror .	The hairdresser proceeded to cut and dye her hair .
0	She decided to ask the salon if they were hiring .	She was good at cutting hair .
0	She was very scared of needles .	It was time for Mary to get a flu shot .
0	The cop took Brad to jail !	Then one day Brad kicked his dog in front of a cop on the street .
1	His friend Heath decided to invite more people .	The party tripled in size .
0	Ray started at the top and worked his way down .	He pulled out a shopping list he made to check what to get .
1	She became disgusted when he was trying to flirt with her .	Therefore , she got up and left .
0	One night , someone stole his car .	He decided to live in his car .
0	He soon felt much better and changed his life for the better .	He stopped eating processed foods .
1	Gary invited his friend Tom over .	Tom told him that he would be busy that night .
0	She ended up spending a thousand dollars .	Yesterday she went to a dozen stores .
1	The car stopped on me just blocks from the house .	I had to walk the rest of the way .
0	He maintains a low bodyfat percentage and good health .	He now runs at least three times per week .
0	Ranger put the bone in the hole .	Ranger dug a hole for his bone .
1	Gina was at her grandma 's house .	They had just gotten back from her grandpa 's funeral .
1	He simply could not get it right !	His dad noticed he was having trouble .
1	I knew I had the space and time , so I agreed to foster them .	The next day , I picked up a Chihuahua mix and her two puppies .
1	They had to play each other for the number 1 ranking spot .	The match needed to be played , it was pouring rain , and Elliott won .
0	The looked each other in the eyes and chanted .	Tess and Jane took the vow .
1	All of her friends wanted to jump off a cliff .	Lana went up with them and watched them all jump .
0	Everyone went inside and ate tons of delicious food .	We all went to the China buffet one day .
1	There was a fire a Kay 's house and she lost all her toys .	Her mother told her she would buy her new ones .
1	He decided to take a quick nap .	When he woke up , he found smoke coming from his room .
0	She had been looking forward to walk on stage for weeks .	Cammy was excited to graduate high-school .
0	They were having a great time .	Nick was sledding with his siblings .
1	Yesterday , he noticed a sore on his arm .	He went to the doctors to get it checked out .
1	She walked to the store and bought a cool drink .	This was n't enough however , and so she had an idea .
0	He tried out again the next season and made the team .	During the summer he worked on his speed and also had a growth spurt .
1	One day , Ron 's sister saw him singing .	And she complimented his voice .
1	I bought a recipe book with a number of styles .	I had trouble getting the crust right .
0	All of a sudden , he felt a tapping on his shoulder .	It was a quiet town so he was having trouble staying awake .
1	Kyle showed up with a plaid shirt .	Andy held a vote to see if Kyle 's shirt qualified .
0	One day , she decided to join a pyramid scheme .	She wants to earn money .
0	The chicken was amazing .	When I went to check it out , the line was out the door .
1	Despite her anxiety , she landed a bulls eye .	Fabian could n't replicate the same results and lost the game .
0	We had to apply for the store credit card .	We had forgotten our money .
1	Katie was getting a new rug .	She needed to get it installed .
1	The salesman made a lot of money that day .	He saved the money so he could buy himself a new sports car .
1	I decided to start eating a healthy diet .	I wrote a grocery list and headed for the store .
1	Recently , Dan allowed his best friend to borrow a comic book .	When Dan asked for the book back , his friend could not find it .
0	But her mom was upset , claiming Lynn wasted time daydreaming .	Lynn loved watching the traffic outside her window .
1	Everything became very overwhelming .	She quit without notice .
0	He had not prepared with appropriate supplies .	The storm was bigger than anything he had seen before .
0	Connie bought outfits that were pink and frilly .	They talked their mom into buying clothes of different styles .
1	The gift was something that she requested for weeks .	However , she had a mean grin since she changed her mind about it .
1	A farmer woke up one morning , and found his pigs had gone missing .	He asked his wife is she had taken them to town , and she denied it .
1	Abdullah does his leg routine .	Abdullah cleans up and heads home .
1	She kept getting more brown .	Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality .
0	She toured the fields .	Meghan rode the bus to a class trip to the strawberry farm .
1	He decided on a way to keep his mind off his loneliness .	He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World .
1	He insulted a large man with a firearm .	The man shot Bill several times .
1	But then she saw that they were amused by her headgear .	Ana decided that the antlers were actually fun to wear !
1	Alyce and Chris went with their friends to the river one afternoon .	They set up their chairs and blankets in the beautiful park nearby .
1	The whole time she was in the barber 's chair , she was nervous .	However , when she saw her new short hair , she loved it !
0	She stood over him with the gun and Bill did n't dare move .	She tackled him and wrested away his gun .
1	But he finds out that his new girlfriend has a cat .	Normally he would not date someone with a cat but he really likes her .
1	They buy materials and start to work .	They work very hard together until finally the cabin is complete .
0	He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill .	Joe tripped carrying a carton of milk .
0	She found another girl of similar age interested .	She put up advertisements online .
1	David kept making comments , and Kenny finally challenged him .	The game went on for hours .
0	Do n't always trust the weatherman .	She came home and the house was freezing .
1	One day , she serves him his dog food plain .	Ziggy refuses to eat it .
0	The teller recognized Dave from their high school days .	Dave head up a bank teller at gunpoint and demanded all the money .
0	Zippy was very lonely and hungry .	Zippy 's owner abandoned him one day .
1	I walked into the lobby of the small practice .	I waited patiently for my name to be called .
1	She looked in the cupboards but there was n't much to work with .	She decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before .
0	When I awoke , my headache was gone .	I fell asleep quickly .
0	When it was time to go on stage Beth froze .	It was the first night Beth was playing Juliet in school play .
1	When I tried to eat it , it tasted too salty .	The waiter had to throw it away for me .
0	He began to paint a beautiful canvas of the tree .	He stopped and pulled out his painting supplies .
0	They made him Employee of the Year !	His managers were impressed by his numbers .
0	Jeremy did n't tell his dad he was given a solo for the choir concert .	He wanted his son to play football , instead .
0	I quickly scribbled out a poem by Keats I had memorized .	I saw a pretty girl in the university library .
1	Amy and Beth walked into Ella 's party trying to look cool .	There were a lot of people they did n't know .
0	Jenna now has a car , house , and is in need of nothing .	She got a second job and took out loans for college .
0	When his sons begged to join him on the job , Bob relented .	Bob did n't want his sons to take up his dangerous line of work .
0	Jude decided she should have a healthier snack anyway .	She did n't find any , to her dismay .
1	I went to dinner in Newton with my son this week .	I was pleased they had arancini , and ordered two plates .
0	We saw a lot of whales .	One person got seasick , while the other did not .
0	Frank was glad that he got the opportunity to go hunting with Gary .	Garry and Frank met up at their usual hunting spot .
0	He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took his money .	One man at the back of the gym approached .
0	His friend , Leo , also loved to play soccer , but he did not play well .	He played on teams in grade school and high school .
1	She decided to go tan .	When she got to the pool , she fell asleep .
1	The week of Easter they cancelled track on Monday evening .	Noah was worried he would not be ready for the meet .
0	While he slept , he dreamed about being rich .	He slept so long on Sunday night that he slept through his monday job .
1	Cole jumped into a puddle of mud by the entrance .	Alex became angry and scolded Cole .
1	I did the first 6 in an hour .	I tried to open each of the 8 remaining hits .
0	He knew that there was something bad happening .	Sensors went off and lights flashed .
0	While riding a family of iguanas darted onto the path .	The path wound into the woods all around the park .
1	Jay had lost the bet .	As the loser , he was forced to punch himself in the face .
1	He struggled with finding meaning in his life .	He thought he wanted to be a successful artist .
0	They jumped over the waves and had fun .	Kelly and her boyfriend went for a walk on the beach .
0	Then I would n't ever be allowed to go again .	I could sneak in , but I might get caught .
0	I ended up taking first place and winning over five hundred dollars .	I knew that I knew about the players and the league in general though .
1	Tom was a middle school student .	He signed up for a woodshop class .
1	When they were as warm as they could stand , they jumped in the water .	They swam for hours and then drove home tired and happy !
0	Andre was grounded for 3 months .	Andre kicked the flowers anyway .
0	They got into a big fight and the top got torn in the process .	Turns out the sister was wearing it .
1	So she put one in the oven .	She was becoming impatient however .
1	A woman had a baby .	When she was ready to leave the hospital , she packed her bag .
1	He wondered if it would really work .	He put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking .
1	The dog 's owner yelled for it to stop but it ran faster .	Robin was n't sure what to do so she just braced herself .
1	Alan went home and learned how to change the car 's oil himself .	He saved a lot of money by doing that .
1	Carla 's teacher requested to have a talk with Carla 's mother .	So Carla 's mother came to the classroom to talk .
1	Rick was surprised to see his mom instead .	Rick began to cry when he realized daddy was n't coming .
0	Running has always been a great way for me to get in shape .	I 've set a goal to lose thirty pounds by the end of June .
0	The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller .	Wayne got cut from the basketball team his junior year .
1	Del wanted to visit Canada .	He lived near the northern border of the continental US .
0	Suddenly he realized that that in itself is a story idea .	He struggled to come up with a story idea .
1	Timon loved to play hopscotch .	None of the neighborhood girls let him play .
1	The puppeteer was hired for the child 's birthday party .	He unpacked his puppets from the suitcase .
0	It got time for her to get to her exit .	The woman was speeding on the highway .
0	I remembered to do it on the second and third day .	I remembered to do it the first day .
1	I had never been on a coaster before and was freaked out .	As I got in the car and put the bar close to me , I shut my eyes .
1	Lita worked as a public defender .	It was a very low-paying position .
0	She was excited to be the only girl with a fancy purple dress .	Janice wore her favorite purple dress to school .
1	Finally I saw where we were going .	We made it just in time for Tip off .
0	He unexpectedly found it online for sale .	A green glass bottle with the perfect width .
1	One of them got too rough with it and dropped it .	The toy was damaged and its words were no longer intelligible .
0	We named her Ella .	We adopted a beautiful lab .
0	Afterwards , he gave me some anesthesia to go to sleep .	The sedation doctor asked me a few questions .
0	Curious , she unwrapped and opened the box and took out the contents .	On Christmas Day , Jay received a very large box .
1	On Christmas day she went to the children 's home .	She gave out the presents to the kids and had the best Christmas ever .
1	Jessica spent too much of her childhood in church .	Her parents gave her everything she ever wanted .
1	So she asked her mom to borrow a pair .	Her mom presented Ella with a pair of pink high heels .
1	Then one day Brad kicked his dog in front of a cop on the street .	The cop took Brad to jail !
0	In the store everything was more expensive than the store by her home .	She was not happy to have to pay $ 3 for parking .
0	Elena , the treasurer ended up taking half of it to pay for her bills .	The school made a large profit from the rate of the activity .
0	I tried to play with the dog .	My friend had a big dog .
1	Jamie was immediately shocked .	The chef criticized her food .
0	Lucy stands up for her and gets the hijab back .	One day on the playground other kids take the hijab off her head .
0	They gained a great advantage with the invention of agriculture .	Long ago , humans were hunter-gatherers .
0	He was there when the Berlin Wall came down .	Ivan was from the Soviet Union .
1	I stayed with a friend .	At my friend 's place , there is no heat .
1	He needed a new one .	He went to Office Depot .
1	Mattie ran up and down the library aisles to find the perfect books .	It must have taken hours for Mattie to decide on what she wanted .
1	Many young Americans are choosing to vote for the first time .	The candidates are vying for their votes through advertisements .
1	Robbie was a bit nervous because he 's latino .	He felt that he needed to be good or else he would be ridiculed .
0	I was able to get him a present that I could afford .	I found one that was refurbished and much cheaper .
1	Then he got an eye injury and could n't wear his lenses the next day !	He had to wear his glasses , and he feared being mocked .
1	The son met him and they went through a lesson .	When he was done , they paid him and he went home .
0	This time the teacher had had enough of his yelling .	He always yelled out when the teacher was talking .
1	Gerry was walking to work .	On the way , he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back .
0	The professor decided to not give her classmates credit for her work .	She decided she was going to tell her professor what happened .
0	After it started to boil , he placed several pieces of pasta into it .	Jack poured water into the pot .
0	One day , a very famous actor went to see his show .	He works on a cruise ship .
1	A road trip was the answer for this .	He went from school to school taking in the culture .
1	He recently hired a professional instructor to teach him how to play .	The instructor arrived and attempted to teach John the basics .
0	She could n't wait to finally visit Brazil .	Lisa worked harder than she ever had , and won the contest !
0	I decided to wear this shirt everyday to bring me more luck .	This shirt is my new good luck charm .
1	His roommate confronted him about it .	Tim apologized and ran to his room .
0	Her boss told her he was pleased with her progress .	One day a lady told Amy 's boss she was a great worker .
0	She decided black and white polka dots would coordinate easier .	She would go with either polka dots , or puppies .
0	Emma always lost until she suggested they play soccer .	Josh always made Emma play football with him .
1	Kayla went for a manicure .	She chose a pretty pink nail polish .
1	He then took lessons at the skate park on the weekends .	After a few months he was able to ride down the sidewalk .
0	He became more conscious of the decisions he made .	Phil wanted to do something to help the environment .
0	But she did n't have a pair of ice skates !	Ana wanted to go ice skating .
1	We decided to take a tour of the old houses downtown .	My wife and I ended up at one that seemed quite abandoned .
0	Her neighbor gladly let her in the fence to get her ball !	She went next door and asked her neighbor for the ball .
0	When Papa Rios passed on , his family remained near .	He gave his all to everyone .
0	A very large woman came to the door .	It always had its blinds down .
0	The teacher gave the student a gold star .	She told him that was a great example .
1	When Alex 's parents go away for the weekend they put him in charge .	Alex sees a great opportunity with a convention in town .
1	I drove to the store and did my shopping .	I paid and drove home .
0	She left the salon sad , but relieved that it would grow back quickly .	Peyton 's hair came out uneven and too short on one side .
1	It was incredibly beautiful but also huge and intimidating .	I was offered a ride on the stunning creature and accepted .
1	One day , he got an exercise ball .	He started running more than he ever had before .
1	No one told me there was broken glass in there .	The glass cut my leg .
0	He 's showing the video to people , laughing and making fun of her body .	Later a member of the hotel 's upper management is seen at a bar .
1	All of the chickens go in the coop by then except one .	The one that does not go in is blind .
1	Jarvis sold the find to a museum .	Jarvis used his money to travel in search of new treasure .
1	Mike was a procrastinator .	One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car .
0	They sneaked in through a back entrance .	Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater .
0	He began to panic , feeling that he was closed in too tightly .	But as soon as he climbed down into it , his chest tightened .
0	I took him to my Mom 's house for a visit last Thanksgiving .	The neighbors big dogs could n't come close to our yard at all .
1	Tom was a very healthy guy .	Tom purchased a large bottle of water .
1	I thought astrology was phoney baloney .	Tina taught me otherwise .
1	Their school principal found out about the club .	He was very supportive of them practicing these skills .
1	I saw my friend Joe sitting in lobby today .	I kept him company , as he is a lonely old man .
1	He cringed fearfully in the back of his kennel when she approached .	Gradually , he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand .
0	They are filled with chocolate .	She bought specialty croissant doughnuts from Dunkin Donuts .
1	One day on the playground other kids take the hijab off her head .	Lucy stands up for her and gets the hijab back .
0	He turned in his test with 30 seconds to spare .	He wrote and wrote as fast as he could .
1	But he realizes that he ca n't find his wallet .	After searching his entire house he still ca n't find it .
0	Jacob tripped over a tiny rock on the concrete .	Jacob was texting on his phone while walking on the sidewalk .
0	The audience cheered for them .	They rocked for hours on the stage .
1	Sam wanted to get a new keyboard .	His current one was starting to get worn out .
0	She was very stressed out .	There were lines of people .
0	Will appreciated the parking space and thanked the neighbor .	The neighbor allowed him to park in his driveway .
0	One day he spotted a small rabbit .	Juan worked out in the fields .
0	But they only had one controller because their 2nd one broke .	Carl and Pablo were playing video games .
0	Libby tried on her new shoes .	Libby eagerly opened the box .
0	She got angry and broke all his guitars .	She saw a woman leaving Adam 's house late at night .
1	Jenny did n't realize what a terrible driver she was .	She was all over the road !
0	His parents helped pull out his tooth .	He thought he was going to die .
0	One night , the clock stopped .	Everyone got accustomed to the chimes and slept on .
1	She also bought all the ingredients .	She had never made fried chicken before .
1	Today i decided to bake some cookies .	i was looking forward to eat some too .
0	He was the first one at work and eagerly got busy .	He jumped into his Mercedes and gunned it to miss the morning traffic .
0	He helped his father hoe and fertilize the dirt .	Little John wanted a garden in his backyard .
1	Sean needed to go to the bank .	He had to walk , but it was snowing .
0	She was excited so she arrived early .	Amy had a new job at Bath and Body Works .
1	Cade 's mom decides to home-school him instead .	Now he is learning a lot of new things .
1	He ate them for every meal , every day .	He forced his subjects to eat peanut butter sandwiches all the time .
0	Mary 's brother returned the diary to its hiding spot .	After some time , he felt a pang of guilt .
0	In 2004 they meet the Yankees again in the playoffs .	In 2003 the Red Sox choke in the playoffs to the Yankees .
0	She attended the graduation .	He is a veteran .
0	Mom passed away .	Mom was hoarding a lot stuff to pass onto her children .
1	She studied diligently at her lessons .	Soon she was an expert harpist !
1	My neighborhood is one of the few places where you can ride a Gondola .	I made a reservation with my credit card , paying nearly 200 dollars .
1	Suddenly there was an alarm blaring .	She grabbed her things and headed for the door .
0	Before I can say anything , he ran away .	When I looked inside the box , there was a vase .
1	Then she found one last burst of strength and speed .	Bay won first prize in the pie eating contest !
0	About a week later , there was a hurricane that passed through .	Jake had recently bought a house .
0	Now Deb has a successful chicken ranch and pays all her bills .	All of Deb 's friends bought eggs from her and they told their friends .
1	I made 24 dozen marshmallows for the bake sale .	At the end of the night , the school told me they sold were sold out .
0	Quickly , he fled from the seen .	He looked around and saw that no one had seen .
1	When the big game started Bonnie was very tired .	She was so exhausted that she did not play very well .
0	Then she played video games .	She decided to clean up instead .
1	It was mother 's day !	Samantha wanted to do something special for her mom .
1	Ada 's school was passing out Valentines .	She was sad because she doubted she 'd get any .
0	But she was shocked by his proposal .	He did it properly , on bended knee .
1	He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money .	When he finally bought his sneakers , he was so excited .
1	She had seen the waitstaff on television and was excited to meet them .	When she got to the restaurant she was greeted sweetly .
1	The raven could only say one word though .	The word the raven could say was 'Nevermore ' .
0	Sam witnessed a poor man begging on the streets .	There was a giant parade for the New Years .
0	They made jokes about others !	They were both mean !
1	Jason signed up and practiced on his calligraphy for a year .	Now Jason is a pro and can write his own fancy letters .
1	Carrie had just learned how to ride a bike .	She did n't have a bike of her own .
0	I start with some kind of leafy greens , like spinach or chard .	I have recently started having green smoothies for breakfast each day .
0	I had the items delivered to her house .	I got two big balloons and a birthday card .
0	He feared he would n't make any friends at all .	But he was nervous that nobody would like him .
1	He entered the stadium and found his seat .	As the game commenced he realized he was in the zone for fly balls .
0	But one of his friends asked him to play an online game .	James just put a piece of fish in his oven .
0	A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments .	He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band .
1	She gave it to her sister for her birthday .	Her sister threw it at the wall .
0	Cindy ordered red , pink and yellow lilies .	She loved the pictures of colorful daylilies .
0	It turned out great .	She decided to make pizza herself .
1	I took my dog on a walk this morning .	She started following a scent .
1	She drove to the parlor to get them done .	When she got there they pieced them .
0	One day he had time off and went to visit her in the country .	Kevin was a father who did n't get a chance to see his daughter often .
1	But as she lugged the bag outside , something bad happened .	The plastic bag broke and garbage went everywhere !
0	There she found a great roast of beef .	Ava drove to the next town over .
0	He did a good job and almost won .	Then , it was time to perform .
1	Ava drove to the next town over .	There she found a great roast of beef .
1	Sandy decided to ask her former tutor for help .	The help Sandy received from the tutor helped her to pass the test .
0	Everything he did on it was slow .	Butch had a really old computer .
1	He got to pick any prize he wanted .	He selected a four foot tall monkey .
0	When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated	Jim does n't have the heart to tell his friends the truth .
1	The group was walking by the sidewalk .	A pick-up truck drove by .
0	The politician did not keep his promises , discouraging Seamus .	With Seamus ' help , the politician won the election .
1	So she decided to take a French class .	She became fluent in French .
0	Finally , the sign laid flat and looked normal .	She tried to fix it by bending it down .
1	Missy was at a fourth of July party .	Her brother thought it would be funny to prank her .
0	It started to rain again after I finished my last mile .	Once it stopped I continued running .
1	Jess was looking for a new song to learn .	She searched and searched for inspiration .
1	Ivy won five dollars on a scratch lottery ticket .	She decided to use the money for more tickets .
0	It was n't her fault but it still scared her .	On her first drive a car crashed into her car .
1	She saved the money that she made over summer .	Tara was able to buy her textbooks with the money that she made .
1	Finally , an employer hired him .	When he received his first check , he went looking for a place to eat .
1	He already had everything she could think of .	But she knew he loved adventure and had always wanted to go skydiving .
0	He loves the friendly people he meets there .	Finally he flies to Utah .
0	Students in the group dared each other to eat the mishmash for money .	They mixed pizza , milk , corn , and everything the cafeteria offered .
1	He took Jake out to his favorite restaurant	Jakes mood improved and he was very appreciative
1	I started to reminisce about all the fun I had as a kid .	I got lost in thought and lost track of time .
1	Brownie is my dog .	She was born in the beginning of December .
0	Suddenly he saw flashing lights behind him .	Henry was racing to get to work one morning .
1	She drew a funny picture of her teacher .	Her teacher saw the picture that she drew when he walked by her desk .
0	Jan the waitress looked it over quickly and tried to remember it .	At the diner there was a new menu for specials printed daily .
0	His cat jumped into the sink all of a sudden .	Jimmy was doing the dishes .
1	Jane loved jumping on the trampoline in her backyard .	She especially loved doing tricks on it .
1	She decided to make her own .	She gathered the materials and she found a tutorial .
1	Sam had really bad pain in his wrists .	He was developing carpal tunnel syndrome from his computer use .
1	His arm got tired so he held it lower after a while .	When he listened to the recording it was all pretty good .
0	I told them I needed a ride since I have no car .	My friends invited me to go to the beach .
0	She had not known him well .	Mary was invited to the will reading of her uncle .
0	The hours just flew by .	She felt so relaxed after a long day .
1	Nic called in sick from work .	His boss showed up at his home and brought some food .
1	Finn was walking his dog one day .	All of a sudden , two dogs came around the corner .
1	Today I saw a woman with a baby .	She was helping the baby eat lunch .
0	Finally her friend Liz whispered the word goose as she walked by .	She could not remember what she was supposed to say to pick someone !
0	Amy sat through the whole movie in a stunned silence .	Finally Amy spotted him holding hands with another girl .
0	She asked to milk the cow .	Tilly was visiting a farm .
0	I decided to find the movie online to download .	I did not have enough money to see it .
0	Flo eventually learned that she lost her investment due to bad advice .	Flo waited intently for her broker to call her .
0	He began to research many historical accounts of facts .	He learned that the class taught things that were not exactly true .
0	Mike and John are going back to the golf course today to find it .	Mike lost his favorite golf ball yesterday .
1	We looked throughout for a book to rent .	My wife decided to pick a Steven King book .
1	This was going to be the toughest trail they had done .	They spent all day hiking in the woods .
1	Benny watched in awe as big sharks swam by .	He was visiting the aquarium with his dad .
1	Kevin 's dad had raised him alone after his mom left them .	When his dad grew old and ill , Kevin was unhappy .
1	Paul felt the heat when he got close to the fire .	He parked the car and assessed the situation .
1	He decided to pretend the blood was just raspberry jam .	The game continued to be quite violent .
0	But he could not get it to work !	Ken had just bought a new computer game .
0	He soon found a great , affordable place to call home !	Finally he had enough to put a deposit on an apartment .
1	Quickly , she began digging through her mom 's purse .	Luckily , she managed to find several quarters .
1	Joey prayed for snow so school would close for the day .	He was ecstatic when the weatherman said a blizzard was coming .
1	He always thought they were so mysterious .	One day he had to go to a pet store .
1	After filling it in , I decided to give it back .	He ripped in in pieces and told me to get out .
0	Jennifer loved seeing the horse , and making it gallop .	It would be her first time riding a horse .
0	Overnight , a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning .	She is very excited and ca n't wait to get there .
1	Megan was at a donut shop .	She really wanted a fresh donut , hot out of the machine .
0	She had to go to the hospital and get stitches .	She realized that she had stepped on a nail .
0	She was happy to be going home after finishing school .	Joanna was walking down the street after finishing school .
1	Sam read on , curious and thrilled .	He read that he was now an Earl !
1	It was not bad , but I did n't like touching people 's used plates .	I was so disgusted that that day was my last day as a waitress .
1	The audience started to complain about the performance .	They ended up throwing their belongings on the stage .
1	She took her entrance exam .	Jane sent in her application to nursing school .
0	He made one mistake and was sued .	Tom was a doctor for ten Year 's .
1	Tom was looking through his pantry for a snack .	He was about to grab a banana .
0	He decided to review his life 's actions objectively .	Bill was not having much success in life .
1	Since he liked chess , she made him custom chess pieces .	He was delighted to receive the gift .
1	He had it decked out and had huge tires .	We would take it off roading .
0	After a few hours , she painted on the new colored paint .	She painted white primer on the walls .
1	She placed it in the microwave .	A few seconds later , it started to vibrate and laser shocks were sent .
0	The war topic made them polarized .	When the women were talking about hot topics they disagreed .
1	She asked her dad to take her to the ice cream stand .	Her dad bought her a chocolate ice cream cone .
0	The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment .	One child saw this action and was drawn into the monkey .
0	There were fifty people .	Tim had a pizza party .
1	Some thugs came running toward Henry .	He tried to run , but was n't fast enough .
1	Meeting Cinderella totally made her day .	And she even got a picture with and signature on it from her .
1	Josh and Marie just had twins .	They brought them home from the hospital .
1	We scooped both dogs up and brought them home .	When we were home , both dogs got a big scolding .
1	He viciously ripped open the packaging and ate the treats .	His owner found the place in a mess when he got home .
1	Mark always was trying to find things for his dogs to do together .	He tried to throw balls , give them bones , nothing worked .
1	However , one of the teachers around the area helped me get up .	She took me to the school 's nurse .
0	When she got home , Amy stuck the doll in the closet .	Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll .
0	His teacher got mad at him .	Rob was not organized .
1	Out of all the sports to play , it 's the one that rhymed with his name .	In college he started going by Rocket .
1	Being out in the sun made him sick .	He threw up in the dugout .
0	Carter 's mom decided to throw the shoes away rather than clean them .	He left them out on the front step and let them dry .
0	He runs into the store and asks for a new chili bowl .	He notices there is a band aid in his chili !
0	After he understood the situation , he gave the bully detention .	I called the security guard .
0	He was very confused about what happened .	Tom was sent to prison without warning .
0	Today my wife went shopping .	The city recently banned plastic bags .
1	Grandma came to pick me up today .	She was taking me out with her to play .
1	There once was a man named Tim .	Tim was caught doing crimes and got locked up .
0	She left the classroom feeling a sigh of relief .	As she got into the classroom , to her surprise the exam was not hard .
0	She ran to the nearest Walmart .	Then she realized that it was broken .
0	It was very difficult but worth it .	She decided to take a sushi making class .
0	He left and went home .	Ken felt weird being there alone .
0	He offered to help me .	I told him I was working on a story .
1	Tim has never cooked for his family .	He was nervous , but decided to follow an old family recipe .
1	Her grandma bought ice cream from the Milkman .	Lucy asked for a bowl of ice cream .
1	Jack wanted to get better at dribbling and decided to do a drill .	First , Jack dribbled with his right hand many times .
1	Jessie helps Dana to the car and rush to the hospital .	Later that night , Dana delivers a healthy baby boy .
0	In addition , we went to recess .	When we went into a cafeteria for lunch , they served pizza .
0	He saves the person and brings them back to shore .	He rushes to the sound and realizes it is a person drowning .
0	It was heated for 2-3 hours .	He seasoned the raw turkey and eventually placed it in the oven .
0	His word of mouth helped increased the restaurant 's profit .	He told all of his friends about the new items .
1	Everytime I leave the house Shiloh misses me very much .	When I return home she greets me with a smile and wagging tail .
1	He thought of himself having a good job .	But he made no efforts to become successful .
0	Luckily she had her phone and she used the GPS to get back on track .	While she was driving she realized that she was lost !
0	We always have a total blast .	Every year my family and I go to Disney .
1	When he turned the key , the car would not start .	He got out and waved over his neighbor Ted .
0	When she went home she was happy to have tried something new .	Florence tried a few and thought they tasted good .
1	The hairdresser proceeded to cut and dye her hair .	At the end , Marcia looked in the mirror .
1	His books and his lunch spilled out on the ground .	Oswald had to buy new books , more food , and a new backpack .
0	I 've been scanning Craigslist for a good used offer .	Right now I 'm in the market for a new car .
0	He saw several deer during his run .	Yesterday , George was going for a run through the Nature Preserve .
0	I found out girls are crazy .	Then , I dated a girl .
0	She was texting and did not see a stop sign .	Estelle was driving home from work .
0	He trained it and cared for it all by himself .	After a few months , Tom was the only one taking care of it .
0	The sun set and it got dark before they finished their hike .	It took them two hours to figure out the right path back out .
1	The day of the debate he lost his cue cards .	Fortunately enough he was skilled in his topic he won the debate .
1	At lunch time she was horrified to see a sardine sandwich !	Tom was sitting near her and begged her to trade with him .
1	Yesterday was my mom 's birthday .	She turned another year older .
0	A different woman got the flowers .	The delivery person got the name wrong .
0	Brian studied political science and philosophy .	Due to a special scholarship , Brian was able to attend a good college .
1	Once he has learned , he practices making beans at his own home .	Jorge is proud he has finally learned his father 's recipe for beans .
0	Sally nagged her husband to take it out .	The trash can in Sally 's house was full .
0	But he had no bank account !	Ed had just received his first paycheck .
0	They were so cheap that Steve bought 8 toothbrushes .	They were on sale for 10 cents per toothbrush .
0	I was forced to step down as CEO of the non-profit .	Many people got angry and soon I was making national headlines !
1	There is a reason why my X is my X .	He broke my heart more than once .
1	Tina and her friends went out to play archery .	They got by the target and started shooting .
0	Minutes earlier Jeanne had completed an online transaction .	Jeanne nervously stared at the door .
1	Jim was able to buy a guitar and tried to learn on his own .	Jim decided he needed some help .
0	She was bored but saw another girl nearby also hiding from the rainy .	Janice was at the park but it started raining so she hid .
1	One day she wrote that she was in danger .	Kevin took a plane to go see her .
0	He had a memorable vacation at the Grand Canyon .	He had fun on the road trip .
0	She tried her best to get it to work again .	For some reason , her gun stopped working .
0	It was way past their curfew .	Amy and her friends were out at 3 AM .
0	He called in sick .	Francisco was n't feeling very well , even though he had work .
1	Lisa noticed that Jon was sad due to a lack of friendship .	Lisa decided to be Jon 's friend .
1	One year Universal was closed for renovations , so they went to Disney .	They had a great time on all the rides at Disney World .
1	Martha was very excited to get her very first cell phone today .	Martha drove over to the Verizon store and browsed the iphones .
1	Jimmy was sitting on his homemade porch .	The porch was high up over his backyard .
1	Deedee had a certain budget to stay in .	Deedee found a split level , patio , deck and lovely yard areas .
1	He would cook boiled eggs everyday .	One day he forgot he was cooking .
1	He suffered through a lot writer 's block .	He tried so hard to write a book and persisted for many years .
0	She fills the tub up with hot water .	Susie loves to take a bubble bath .
0	I later threw away all memorabilia and CD 's from this artist .	He was so rude , I abruptly left and opted out of a picture with him .
1	They researched and found just the right neighborhood .	They looked at many houses but could n't agree on one .
1	She needs it to go to sleep .	I lost it on our walk today .
1	Since then , he has been praying constantly .	He healed completely .
1	He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling .	He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him .
1	It sniffed at branches and dug up buried nuts .	Feasting on the land it made its way to the river .
0	She fell down from running too fast .	Katie ran around looking at the sky .
0	The pony got stung on the butt by a bee , causes it to buck .	Josh had to ride a little pony for the first time , he was n't happy .
1	When they got to the ice cream shop there were a bunch of new flavors .	Janice just could not choose .
1	Amber was in a basketball challenge .	The prize was a free inflatable party rental .
1	He was looking for someone to sit with at lunch .	None of the other children would let Nick sit with them .
1	His business did well until a new banana chain opened down the street .	George noticed less and less people buying bananas from him .
0	We went in Dec .	My husband wanted to take a trip to Niagara Falls .
1	My dog got his paws muddy .	He ran in our house and made the carpet dirty .
1	John was digging in his backyard when he found a huge bone .	He took it to a paleontologist who identified it as a dinosaur bone .
0	All of a sudden , she noticed her tail light was off .	She started up her car .
0	It took her several minutes to remove the pain from the stinging .	However , she squeezed a lemon into her eye .
1	When she arrived at her new apartment she unpacked all her things .	Laura loved the new change of scenery at her new place .
1	She was low on gas .	She decided not to stop to get more .
0	He spent some time in jail .	Silas had a questionable past .
1	Whitney had gone all year without breaking a phone .	She went outside to walk her dog .
0	They finally left to go to the park later that morning .	Jude waited the one hour and again went to wake up his parents .
0	When he finally left the military he was n't the same .	In his years fighting he became a man .
1	She put a healthy amount in her hair and then showered .	When she got out , she saw that her hair was very greasy .
0	She visited a horticultural dome themed after the desert .	She watched documentaries about desert plants and animals .
0	She scooped up some small stones and gravel .	She went to the beach .
0	This tree is a real hit on facebook to the people back home !	We bought a 6 foot fake palm tree that we decorated with seashells .
1	I tried to go to sleep .	After a few hours , I remained awake .
0	Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it .	I just bought a new video game that I can not wait to play .
1	James worked at Washington State University .	He was the janitor for the whole of the university grounds .
1	The next morning , the blister was much better .	Cory decided to wear better shoes for his second day exploration .
1	I bought a bottle of brandy .	Alas , I dropped it on the way home .
1	She wanted more but grandma stopped her .	Lucy had to eat her hamburger first .
0	A friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order .	I decided to just go and eat my favorite food .
0	Their sons are the best of friends , and play on the same team .	They had children and decided to move back to their childhood town .
1	Unfortunately , they do n't have the money .	Ben decided he and his wife will do the renovations themselves .
0	The book mentioned important films in history .	As it was too short , I read another one this week .
1	I found one with batteries but the lights are white .	I was more pleased to get a multi-colored tree .
1	He was feeding ducks at a pond .	Most of the ducks were calm , but one was pretty aggressive .
1	Mike decided to install a second rung for clothes .	He bought the supplies from the hardware store .
0	Eventually , he got them to behave .	He spent hours making sure that they did n't wreck his home .
0	His mom did n't like the video game .	Corey wanted a new video game for Christmas .
0	He started reading about it online .	Mike knew nothing about music .
0	He took all of the cash and threw the wallet in the trash .	Jackson stole a wallet at a party on Friday .
0	He was pulled over for going over the speed limit .	Tom was on his way to work one morning .
0	Over the years he lost track of it and even forgot about it .	Billy had a favorite teddy bear when he was a kid .
0	In 1997 my daughter had red eye .	We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013 .
1	Alex has always avoided eating unfamiliar foods .	Finally his friends convince him to eat at an Indian restaurant .
1	A few years ago , everyone around me was learning to skateboard .	I wanted to try to do it to , but had no experience .
0	Alice kicked the corner in the game that led to the winning header .	She kept practicing until she got the motion down .
1	She went to the doctor who scheduled a biopsy of the lump .	The test results from the biopsy were positive for lymphoma cancer .
0	She went to her first class full of nerves and anticipation .	Ellie was inspired to learn gymnastics after watching the Olympics .
1	He was bored and decided to get some food .	He went to a diner for a burger .
0	Rex was happy to have moved just in time to miss the truck .	The truck almost hit Rex 's bike .
1	So he put bread in the toaster .	He went to watch television but realized he was hungry .
0	She is learning to clean more daily .	Beth hates to clean .
1	The pump required four quarters .	He was forced to ask strangers for them .
1	Betty went to the beach and made friends with a surfer .	They started meeting up at the beach after that .
0	All guest arrived the following day .	When the Anthony reunion invitations went out , everyone came .
0	All the kids were underage .	At the party , there was beer .
1	Yesterday , George was going for a run through the Nature Preserve .	He saw several deer during his run .
0	He was nervous but things went well .	It was at a local ranch .
0	In eight weeks , she had lost twelve pounds !	Kay was amazed at the results .
0	Unfortunately , she really struggled in math .	Anna was a star volleyball player .
1	They saw a report of Jack 's death .	He had been shot in a drive-by shooting on his way to the park .
1	She did everything she could to represent her country .	Still , some people thought she was a poor representative .
1	I figured out something was wrong with the hard drive .	I took it to my friend to fix .
0	She spent most of her time meticulously sweeping the living room .	Molly was doing some chores Saturday .
1	Rodney ended up working extra hard that day so he did n't have to stay .	In the end Rodney got to go on a wonderful date with his girlfriend .
0	Ricky was happy that he could finally tie a bowtie .	Ricky 's friend gave an excellent lesson on bow tie tying .
0	I ended up wearing some beads at night .	We did not even have anything sweet .
0	One day , she rode it to school .	Morgan loved riding her bicycle .
1	One night in Oklahoma , a tornado approached her RV .	The wind was deafening , and it shook the RV .
0	She decides that kale is bitter and disgusting .	Jenny decides to buy some kale and cook it at home .
0	We ended up getting a dvr in 2015 .	The vcr did not record properly and we returned it .
1	She decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday .	When everything arrived , she opened her gifts .
0	Allie sadly admitted she needed a new one and went shopping .	Eventually the old purse developed a large rip that could n't be fixed
0	Tre stopped by the store and bought a soda and some skittles .	He came upon a group of friends , and enjoyed their company .
0	All of his examples were really funny !	He told me that he thought up words to go with the rhythms .
1	One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he was out of coffee .	This had never happened to Jim before .
1	Jack was a marine .	He was deployed to a foreign country to keep the peace .
0	Bill thought he must have drank too much himself .	He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy .
0	We looked at new 4k ones .	We went to a number of stores looking for a new TV .
0	He strung a set of chains across the tracks and waited .	During the war , Dave was ordered to stop an enemy train .
1	Finally , he made some croissants .	They burned !
0	Kyle had been acting strange for a couple days , unlike his usual self .	Sue and William were worried about their 7-year-old son , Kyle .
0	She worked her way to the top for years .	Rachel decided to become a journalist .
1	When he was looking online to buy a replacement he had an idea .	Instead of an incandescent bulb he 'd buy some LED ones !
1	It 's his girlfriend 's birthday and he had a party planned for her .	He takes the job anyway .
1	Leslie promised to take care of it .	Leslie started working on getting the pit filled .
1	His wife is overcome with joy that he offers to wash them .	Fred notices that washing the dishes is n't so bad .
1	After a month she still had only a few shifts .	She asked her boss if she could work more shifts .
0	Eventually , he had earned enough to buy his bicycle .	He did yard work for his neighbors in order to earn money .
1	Kelly had lost her baby and took it very hard .	For three years she succumbed to depression .
0	They all ordered octopus tentacles !	They said they wanted to try something daring .
1	Bob was an unskilled construction laborer .	Bob decided he was getting older and needed to acquire new skills .
1	He ended up getting caught by his manager .	His manager fired him .
1	Sadie was disappointed , but stayed hopeful .	She knew there were millions of other publishing agencies to try .
1	Kelly and her family were about to put up the Christmas Tree .	Her father got a fake tree and the three of them put it up .
0	Every nearby bathroom had a giant line of people .	She needed to use the restroom badly .
0	Amy 's fish were happy and lived a long time !	She cleaned the tank every week .
1	I said that I loved her and wanted to go on a date .	Unfortunately , she told me that she 's homosexual .
1	One day his closest pal Max offered to help him learn to play .	Little by little Rufus learned to play banjo with Max .
0	Finally they were able to go .	His family saved for two years .
1	All of a sudden a bird pooped on his head .	Tom ran inside his house to clean up the mess .
1	I could n't leave my own house .	My sister convinced me to see a doctor .
0	He thought the other candidate might be more qualified for the job .	Frank watched the entire debate .
0	We were going to split a big one .	I was ordering pizza for the family the other day .
0	She asked who did it and I was quiet .	My mom smelled something and came outside .
0	She combed out his fur , and started cutting .	She decided to practice on her dog .
0	She had a dress code that she had to stick to .	We were all super excited for her .
0	But when Luke wanted to play basketball again , Tom was too scared .	Tom 's parents had a new window installed .
1	The last nosebleed lasted 20 traumatic minutes .	This time Jane searched for a remedy online .
1	Dj smelled a foul stench .	He realized his son 's diaper needed changing .
1	One day at the station , the fire department got a call for a fire .	John and his Dalmatian quickly arose and rushed to the fire .
0	Eli sat there with his mouth open , stunned .	He got on his computer and looked it up on the Internet .
1	But on this day he was still very sleepy .	The coffee had n't helped him at all !
0	The beach was Matt 's favorite place .	Matt brought Jamie to see the sunset on the beach .
0	Sara then wrapped the toys and took them to the children 's hospital .	Sara went to the store and bought a lot of childrens toys .
0	The player swung hard and missed .	Randy taunted the player with a soft lob of a pitch .
1	Linda loved it when strangers complimented her boy 's blonde curls .	As the boy grew , Linda noticed his hair darken and straighten .
1	Susan went to the diner to get a hot dog .	She noticed a dog in the diner .
0	The nice lady just smiled and drove to a police station .	The lady tried to calm Lucy as she began crying harder .
0	Everyone finished the assignments , 20 minutes before the bell rung .	The teacher gave us an assignment .
0	Kim 's target moved into the house with her mother and sister .	Kim felt sorry for her target and she marketed to him a room for rent .
1	She had accidentally walked under the mistletoe with a cute guy !	Bel blushed as he bent to give her a kiss on the cheek .
1	Susan fell off her bike .	She landed hard on the ground breaking her arm .
1	At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier .	She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye .
1	He went to the lake every night to swim .	He practiced his strokes and moves .
0	The coworker thanked Amy profusely for helping with a hard caller .	Since the supervisor was gone for the night Amy answered the question .
1	Rudy did a great job in a difficult situation .	All his peers praised and accepted him .
0	I thought that I was being followed .	This morning I was having a bad feeling .
0	It teaches colors , shapes , music in three different languages .	I went on walmart 's website and found the perfect toy for infants .
0	Tim was caught doing crimes and got locked up .	There once was a man named Tim .
0	He did not get home until very late that night .	It took hours .
1	Smoke poured out of the volcano .	Lava also began to flow .
1	Ken had just bought a new computer game .	But he could not get it to work !
1	Bud went to a foreclosure auction .	He was hoping to buy his first home .
0	Chris and Mary went to the concert together .	Mary said yes !
0	He had just arrived in Santiago de Compostela .	Neil had hiked the whole Camino in Spain .
1	Lisa got very mad .	Lisa was so mad she asked Rosie to leave .
1	He decided to sign up for painting classes .	Ben quickly found out he was a natural .
1	Karen received a phone call from her boss asking about her tardiness .	She rushed to work over and hour late and behind on her work .
1	She thought about taking a short through the grass to save time .	She quickly walked through the muddy grass .
0	Because of this , I was one of the best players on my team .	The team allowed anyone to play , there was no trying out .
1	Her new husband realized something was bothering his bride .	He cancelled their plans for the evening , which cheered her up .
0	Then , she put the cake in to bake .	She mixed all the ingredients together .
0	She learned how to make friends and act outgoing .	She went to classes on extroversion and sociability .
1	Tim was riding his motorcycle to school .	The tire of the bike landed on a crack in the road .
0	Jake had never experienced them before .	It was in an area with tornadoes .
0	Peter saw right through this and got annoyed .	To hide his blunder , Paul called Peter by the name Buddy .
0	Her professor was irritated with Jen .	She was late to her appointment .
0	The people loved his music and he felt very happy .	He got up and began to play .
1	Upon using them , he realized that the headphones were low quality .	George felt ripped off and returned the headphones .
0	And her friend laughed so hard .	One time she tickled too much .
0	Kate went and ended up having a wonderful time !	But her mom talked her into going .
1	She waited till the crowd cleared and approached the board alone .	Amy jumped for joy when she saw her name on the roster .
1	It was her birthday and he wanted to show his appreciation .	But he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything !
0	There are a lot of unique designs .	I 've always liked collecting stamps .
1	She hoped for a little boy .	She opted not to find the sex out in advance .
1	Kim had never met her neighbors before but walked next door anyway .	The neighbor was very nice and gave Kim some butter .
1	Simon was by himself .	He thought it was too dangerous and went home .
0	After that , she arranged all of the books on the shelves .	She started by cleaning out all of the trash .
0	Mark 's mom saw the poster while putting his laundry away .	Mark hung up a racy poster of a lingerie model in his room .
0	It was enough to wake up Sarah in time .	And the goose made loud honking noises .
0	Jimmy was playing basketball outside .	It was a hot and sunny day out .
0	It was Amy 's first time trying frozen yogurt .	The co-worker took Amy to get frozen yogurt .
1	Martha 's depression was reaching a fever pitch .	She could barely muster the energy to walk outside to check the mail .
1	So Katie worked hard and studied often .	She made a huge effort to improve her grades .
1	I kept her in suspense all day long .	I finally surprised her late that evening .
0	This my first time trying to bake a pie .	I had to make an apple pie for Thanksgiving .
0	A full blown fight erupted .	His father pushed him back .
0	But he quickly noticed the weather getting hotter .	David had soccer practice in the morning .
0	The day was almost over and I had n't cleaned anything .	I got so caught up reminiscing that I lost track of time .
1	Jeff went downstairs to clean his saltwater fish tank .	There was a lot of algae growing on the back of the tank .
1	Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade .	It was very fun .
1	This made Gary quite sad .	Gary decided to go to a salon to get a professional haircut .
1	Fred woke up one day with a very bad headache .	He found a thermometer and took his temperature .
0	Joe is a purchasing manager at a government agency .	I bought a book for my friend Joe .
0	It was supposed to calm my nerves .	Last time I had to fly I decided to take medication first .
1	Closing her book , she got up and grabbed her bag and phone .	She called Michael to see if he could meet her for lunch .
0	They immediately began to bicker at each other .	However , my aunt gave a slick comment about my other aunt .
0	She learned a new way to think from the tutor and improved her grades .	She decided to go to the campus ' math lab .
0	He looked through the window and saw rain pour down all around him .	Jim parked his car in the parking lot at work .
1	Lori 's teacher said anyone who refused would fail the class .	Lori considered the importance of grades versus principles .
0	After searching for hours , she finally found a set she liked .	She went out and looked at several different stores .
0	She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach .	Edith wanted to buy a new pair of earrings .
0	Julian was on his second out of three tries and had n't won a toy .	They had bet he could n't win a toy .
1	Sally flew to visit her mom and her mom 's new husband .	Although her mom was obviously in love , he was nothing like her dad .
0	Eventually , I walked away .	He politely declined and told me that he chooses to live this way .
1	Lynn and her friends were busted sneaking in at midnight .	Lynn 's mom was Irate .
1	I was playing on top of the monkey bars one day .	I decided to get on the top of the monkey bars .
0	I was obviously uncomfortable letting in a stranger with knives .	He wanted to demonstrate them to me .
0	One day her Dad invited me on a trip with her family .	She lived two doors over and we always walked together .
0	Jeb slowly opened the door	He heard a strange noise coming from the basement
1	I was doing arts and crafts in my Spanish class .	I asked my friend if she can bring the scissors .
1	I knew when she would visit her folks by the sounds of her loud car .	Christina had a horrific car accident and has extensive brain damage .
1	Dan cut class yesterday .	He was given detention .
0	She now only drive 5 minutes to get to the beach .	She decided to move closer to the beach .
1	Others saw him do it .	Eventually a few joined in as well .
0	I probably should 've listened because today it 's swelled up .	My buddy told me to put ice on it to keep it from swelling .
0	She was in a hospital .	The woman woke up .
0	Tony pulled out a little blue box .	He took Mary out for a romantic dinner .
1	They bought tickets and were waiting in the stands .	Then , right in front of jason , the whale jumped out of the water !
1	Jim 's neighbor was an older lady who had suffered a stroke .	One day Jim noticed people scuttling in and out of the lady 's door .
0	She paid her fare and sat near the front .	Sade caught the bus for the first time .
0	Nell enjoyed the project , matching animals to the letters .	She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of animals .
1	Before they left each other , she gave him her Facebook URL .	He tried to find her URL online .
1	He had found lots of pop caps and nickels .	Then his tool beeped very loudly .
1	Amy had a new job at Bath and Body Works .	She was excited so she arrived early .
1	The men could not agree whether to call it a draw .	They parted angrily , and never spoke again .
0	She decided to paint the house .	Elizabeth moved into a new house .
1	Maybelline replied back maybe .	Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date .
1	Finally , it was time to wash out the dye and see her new color .	She looked in the mirror when she was ready .
0	The man decided the best way to think was to go into the woods alone .	Once there was a philosopher who was seeking new wisdom .
1	The teacher was going over yesterday 's homework .	He got a phone call from the guidance counselor .
1	Recently , Amanda heard of a product that could help with her sickness .	Amanda talked about the product with her doctor .
0	His mom noticed it and asked him why .	Billy kept crying in his room every day .
1	No one knew that he had modded his game so that it was easier .	Then , one of the admins found out .
0	They were talking like they knew me .	All of a sudden someone came up to me .
0	The teacher will come back tomorrow to give another lesson .	The teacher was particularly impressed by her natural talent .
1	We went to play pool after our exams .	There was a local bar that had a bunch of tables .
1	As I neared the bottom I realized my brakes no longer worked .	As I neared the bottom I closed my eyes as I hit a stone bridge .
1	Keesha and her family lived in Kansas .	It was a quiet evening when the weather alert began to go off .
1	He could n't stand when his feet would stick to the floor .	The sound of other people smacking and talking made him angry .
1	Rory found out she was adopted .	Rory decided that she wanted to find out who her birth parents were .
1	I looked on my phone and my ex had tagged me with lovey dovey stuff .	I raced home and convinced my husband I only wanted to be with him .
0	Each night ended with a slice and a hug .	Cheesecake was the fortitude of these conversations .
0	He quickly bought tickets for two different showings .	He waited by his computer until the tickets were available .
1	He cried and cried until someone noticed him way up there .	They called the fire department , and a truck came with a big ladder .
1	He had the whole house to himself !	Richie invited all his friends to come over .
1	Neither was interested in unduly waiting .	The wedding date was set for Fall , only a month away .
1	Lucy was at her grandparents when she got lost .	She did n't know how to get back to their house .
1	When I placed my hand on the pan by accident I burnt myself .	The pain was horrendous .
0	Somehow it still worked so he drove it around like that .	He could n't afford to fix his car .
0	Eventually , she found her lost dog and brought it home .	She drove around the city looking for her lost pet .
0	Getting her own room was a dream come true .	Gina had been sharing a room with 2 other girls her whole life .
0	He found a nearby hill that looked great for sledding .	James wanted to play outside in the snow .
0	All I could think about was the sweet crust and smooth texture .	I was looking forward to eating the pie all day .
0	Lorraine noticed that there was trash under her mama 's desk .	She looked around for something that needed to be done .
1	Leslie woke up to a yard covered in snow .	She put on her boots and went outside .
0	Kris thought it was funny .	Him and a friend covered his other friends house in toilet paper .
1	He worked as hard as he could on the test .	He did pass and he got the new TV .
1	Tanner was moving into a new home .	He needed to get his couch through the door .
0	Grandpa decided to get Lucy a treat .	After her rough day she just wanted to go home .
1	At the village , India got to eat local foods with the natives .	In addition , India 's got to fulfill her dream of going inside an Igloo .
0	The teacher told everyone to move away from the puddle .	The test cubes ended up on the ground .
1	She had not received a raise for the past fourteen months .	Julia decided to meet with her supervisor .
1	He got lots of applications from different businesses .	He was determined to find a new job .
1	Halfway through they swapped .	It was a perfect solution to not being able to make up their minds .
0	The chimney was too narrow .	However , he got stuck .
0	The people were offbeat and seemed to not know salsa at all .	When they arrived to the place , Janie was disappointed .
1	He got help from a tutor .	On the day of the test , he felt very prepared .
0	And the waiter gave him a free ice cream .	Ivan said it was his birthday .
0	He purchases them and restores them .	He heads to a thrift store and finds some classic cards .
0	He used a fake gun .	He decided to hold up a bank .
1	He and a friend rode motorcycles in a canyon .	The earth shook and an avalanche of rocks fell down .
0	However , I saw a notice on my desk that says I 'm fired .	Throughout the day , I tried to remain calm .
0	He swung his ax at the trunk .	The woodsman sought out the biggest tree in the woods .
1	Gina 's friend Tami had a colorful new folder .	Gina asked where she got it .
0	They did n't speak for 5 Years .	One day mindy had to leave to a new hometown .
0	Her husband became suspicious .	Her lover gave her a beautiful fur coat .
0	Lynn 's mom was Irate .	Lynn and her friends were busted sneaking in at midnight .
0	Tavon had to stay in from recess to work on all the work he did n't do .	One day his teacher helped him clean out all the papers in his desk .
1	Ted had tickets and attended with a bunch of his friends .	At the end of the first half , Ted 's team was losing by 10 points .
0	When I got older I decided to train myself to run a mile faster .	I was always one of the last students to finish the mile .
1	Unfortunately , this caused her to fall off the swing .	She hit the ground and broke her ankle .
1	Eli was in a great hurry .	He ran down the hall very carelessly .
1	He broke his neck and died .	Loyd has never fully recovered from his mother 's constant blame .
1	The neighbor punched Jeff in the face before he could speak .	Jeff limped home and painted his box green the next day .
0	She worked hard all week .	Jane wanted to go to Coney Island to have a hotdog .
1	Two guys approached him and invited him to smoke with them .	Kevin tried to smoke but began coughing .
0	When she arrived , we realized it was my roommate 's sister !	Well , one of these girls asked if she could come over and meet us .
0	Tina was very upset .	However to her dismay , Stacey had the same bag .
1	One day Rex met a nice woman who liked him despite his shortcomings .	They became married and eventually had a son .
1	At first , he found it hard to eat wholesome meals without meat .	Soon enough , he adjusted to the vegetarian diet and loved it !
0	Jason drives home after his trip .	He takes many pictures of it .
0	Alan was so good they put him in charge of healing the soldier 's .	A long time ago a doctor named Alan was drafted by the army .
0	Dad and Alex helped mom put her things in the car .	She was leaving him with his dad .
1	He bought language books and started reading .	It was really difficult .
0	Together they got ready for the concert by having a couple of beers .	Jason asked his friend Steve to go with him .
0	So she was glad that the weather was cold .	Kim decided to drink coffee and eat oatmeal .
1	Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches .	He finally got to try out his Christmas sled .
0	She landed hard on the ground breaking her arm .	Susan fell off her bike .
0	I went to the snowboarding hill .	I was on vacation in colorado .
1	One Christmas , their cousin arrived unexpectedly .	Many of the family were surprised to see him as he had been missing .
0	Though Jess finally checkmated his king .	He scrambled to move his king away .
0	On the car ride there , they passed their neighbors on the road .	The family decided to take a trip to the beach one hot summer day .
0	When I decided to ask , she barely had anything to say .	However , she only asked me questions about myself .
1	My friend had a big dog .	I tried to play with the dog .
1	Tim went with his mom .	His mom always said that his friend had a lovely house .
1	He read that raw eggs would help him a lot .	He tried to swallow one , but it was disgusting !
0	I researched and found a company that had pants with velcro snaps .	I found it was hard to button my pants .
0	He saw a giant roach in his kitchen wall .	One day he got up from bed for a glass of water .
1	He loved the one on one time he spent with his son .	When Mel 's son got older , his son son moved away .
1	Mary was unsure about vaccines .	She decided to read up more about them .
1	He decided it was finally time to wash his clothes .	There were so many it took him all day !
0	At the end of the hike , both Jeff and the dogs were happy .	The dogs wandered off the path often .
0	She really did not want to go out though .	Cara was having a craving for chocolate .
0	The trailer collapsed from the weight of snow .	Regardless , he decided to try driving down a busy highway .
0	He has played for 4 years .	Mark loves to play basketball with his friends .
1	One of my guilty pleasures is watching reality tv .	Yesterday I felt lazy and decided to stay in all day .
0	Christmas is my favorite time of the year .	My sister and I sang with glee .
0	My cousin introduced me to the music of Janis Joplin .	I prefer songs that have unconventional vocals .
0	However , he soon realized he barely missed his ex-girlfriend .	At first JD was devastated .
1	Larry was driving home from work .	All of sudden a big deer came running across the road .
1	His father instructed him to go to a website with various tutorials .	Tim was able to grasp the concepts and receive a passing grade .
0	Bray was relieved that his granddad was okay .	But then he saw that his granddad was still his old self , just weaker .
0	The fencing trip was the best day of Horatio 's life .	He competed and won .
0	I stumbled a couple of times however , I rode smoothly afterwards .	I positioned my legs on the petals and rode off .
0	He could n't find anything , so he decided to order a pizza .	Tim was hungry so he looked around for food .
0	Now the entire family must go out for lunch .	He forgot to set a timer and the pizza burned !
1	Ava often wished she had no brother .	Then I went off to join the Army .
1	She bought green pepper seeds for her sister .	She raised the seeds to seedlings before transplanting .
0	He watched closely so he could do it next time .	Doug was very embarrassed when she changed his tire for him .
1	The ballots proved confusing , however .	When they were all counted , Pat Buchanan had somehow won .
0	Therefore , it is important for him to be consistent with his care .	When Hank 's blood sugar does this , he becomes very irritable .
0	The teacher was laid back and the class was n't structured .	Sally was taking a guitar class at school .
1	Ben was never a good story teller .	In English class , he usually did poorly .
0	Avery was distracted , so he burned the trout .	While there he met a pretty girl .
0	Tom was listening to the radio .	Tom was driving through his city .
0	Luckily she is said to be on her way to a full recovery .	She was hurt and rushed to the hospital .
0	She never lets her dog out alone anymore .	The animal was a skunk and it had sprayed Jennifer .
0	He asked me to explain why it was not appropriate .	I told him the mean was not appropriate for the data set .
1	A lot of people take advantage of the soda refill machine .	Charles thought no one was ever arrested for an illegal soda refill .
0	Then , I realized I had never plugged the waffle iron in .	I was stumped .
0	Billy was shocked when on his birthday his dad gave him a magic set .	Billy was enamored by the magic tricks that the magician performed .
0	He was in the skate park skating in the afternoon .	Aaron was a skater .
0	She gave it her best effort .	She had to try out for the boys ' team !
1	Dave thought she was sending him a message in code .	He was confident she was hinting that she desired such a birthday .
0	Everything was going fine .	Ashley was on a train headed to Chicago .
0	She went to a fancy bakery to get some .	Tori loved cake .
1	About a quarter of the way up he slips .	With one hand dangling and hold on he falls .
0	They were fine with it .	He came out to his parents first .
0	I decided to call him right away .	My friend called me 10 times and I missed all his calls .
0	Sophie tried to drive through .	As she was driving home , she got caught in a flood .
0	Sally 's bike crashed at the bottom of the hill .	However , she was going too fast !
0	Jim swung a bat at the safe but nothing happened .	He tried to break into the safe to test out its strength .
1	I decided I wanted to adopt a cat .	I went to the cat shelter , and one cute cat bit my hand .
0	Her publisher was calling her asking when she was going to finish .	Jenny needed some free time to write her book .
1	He broke up an old chair to use for wood .	After a couple minutes , the chair was burning and he was warm !
0	She really wanted a cat .	She went to the animal shelter with her parents .
1	He wanted a pair of running shoes .	The pair he wanted was very expensive .
0	I got to the top floor and peered outside the window .	I decided to visit her .
1	Lulu was walking her dog in New York City yesterday .	To her surprise however she came across a celebrity sighting .
0	Annie failed her test .	She watched TV on Sunday .
1	She decided to take a bath .	She filled the tub with warm water .
0	Felicity really liked him , but he did n't want to date her .	One of his coworkers was a great friend .
1	Jane became annoyed , and asked Dan why he smelled bad .	Dan told Jane that he could n't afford hygiene products .
0	Eventually he got a hang of it and painted a pretty horse .	Charly kept trying over and over .
1	A branch snapped and I broke my leg .	I realized I should not climb oak trees .
0	The Muslim man told him to hand copy out the entire dictionary twice .	In there he met a Muslim man .
0	So she dropped out of law school for an administration job .	She received a call from Spelman College offering her a job .
1	Javier drove himself straight to the hospital .	When he arrived they had to operate , his appendix had ruptured .
0	As a result , it ended up breaking .	I stupidly decided to take off my screen protector yesterday .
1	I 've never faced the Christmas season without money before .	At first I began to panic , thinking I would n't be able to give gifts .
0	She sat nervously in her seat .	It was her first time on an airplane .
0	During his classes she covered his truck in the little notes .	She saw some post-it notes and felt inspired .
0	Luckily , another girl had had an inhaler in her purse !	But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth .
0	One night , her aunt told her that it was her turn to do dishes .	Mandy was on a family vacation .
0	A song came on that was once a favorite that she grew tired of .	Amy was driving to work listening to the radio .
1	Darlene 's hated boyfriend was on his way over to the house .	Darlene needed to warn her boyfriend but he did not have a phone .
0	Tim looked for a hair drier but it was broken .	He only had one for his body and not his long hair .
1	We decided to put our money together and get her the tablet .	Excited , we gave her the gift .
0	Suddenly , he said he felt sick .	We headed to the movies together .
1	My friend and I decided to make latkes .	We shredded the potato and onion .
0	Jimmy freaked out and ran on the opposite side of the field .	When the game started , the opponents ran towards him .
0	The shadow on the wall and screeching sound sent chills through her .	Brenda woke up from a heavy sleep .
1	Kelly was excited to get a new iPod .	She was in desperate need of one .
1	He sat in the window of his room and watched all the kids in costume .	When the doorbell rang Doug was expecting trick or treaters .
1	The next thing she knew , she was sitting on the ground at the bottom .	Friends informed her she had passed out before attempting the jump .
0	I took off my jacket and started yelling .	It began to walk towards me .
1	Joe was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase .	He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his .
0	She always found great deals .	Kate loved using coupons .
1	On opening night , he heard kids saying it was the scariest thing ever !	Brad was so happy he almost danced with glee !
1	Somehow , Andrea got separated from her .	Missy searched everywhere for her , upset .
0	Marie picked up her feet and started to scream .	Marie felt something scurry over her feet .
0	Beth loved her time with her friend in her dream playtime .	Sometimes Francis would let her ride him and they would fly !
0	They bought all their equipment .	Todd and Bob planned a ski trip .
0	He tried to go up a hill .	It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive .
1	There was a serial killer on the loose in New Orleans .	Detective Brown was determined to find him .
1	His friends were not paying attention so they believed him .	Dan snuck a ball on the green and made his putt from 10 feet .
0	He tried to swallow one , but it was disgusting !	He read that raw eggs would help him a lot .
1	The man moved to Iowa .	The man opened the back door of his apartment .
1	Daniel 's parents were skeptical about his choice .	They told him that philosophy did not have good job opportunities .
0	They baked cookies all afternoon .	One Friday after Joanne got out of school they got to work .
1	Suddenly , she began to feel sick .	She did n't know where to throw up .
0	However , eventually he can go a day without smoking and feel OK .	At first Jonas has headaches when he does n't smoke .
1	He had already eaten his food .	The waiter said he could not leave without paying .
1	Tim was sad .	He never hit a homerun playing baseball .
1	I finally had enough money so I ordered one online .	When it arrived , I invited my friends over .
1	Kim was tired of her socks being wet in the winter .	She brought spare socks to her desk at work .
1	And he wanted to see how fast it could go .	So he sped down a freeway at 2 AM .
1	Martin went to camp with his friends .	Martin and his friends found a nice camping spot .
0	She takes one to work every day .	Addison likes ferryboats .
0	Now I know Horace married a celebrity because I called and asked him .	I researched Horace on the internet but I could not find anything .
0	She finally does n't have any knots !	The groomer shaved off all of her fur .
1	One day , scientists discovered a baby gorilla .	It was an orphan and all alone .
1	One day , Nell 's dad came home fuming .	He said a customer returned a big bag of bridge mix candy .
0	The part holding the phone to the lanyard snapped off .	I need a lanyard because I have use of only one hand .
0	Now , the cat and Harley keep each other company and enjoy their days .	The cat appreciated Harley 's kindness .
0	She wrote one as quick as she could .	She decided to write short stories instead .
0	But then he woke up at noon !	He set his alarm for seven in the morning .
1	The first time I was hit by a drunk driver was scary .	I was just driving down the street in my small car .
1	He hated being there .	In time though , he got much better .
1	He ran through all of his search tools once more .	No hits were found .
0	But the weather turned out hotter than he anticipated .	Eric planned to have a hot dog for lunch .
1	I put a large book on the surface and the table suddenly collapsed .	I grabbed my tools and worked hard on fixing it .
1	He got comfortable in his easy chair , and opened his book .	Suddenly the light bulb above him sizzled and shattered !
1	The rest of the family decided to hand out their presents .	My mom also asked Elena about the gift she bought for me .
1	Kay and Beth wanted to go to the swap shop .	Neither had ever been and wanted to know what it was about .
1	Her blood pressure was too high .	Her baby needed to be born early .
0	The campaign launched according to plan and they sold record numbers .	The day before the launch his team rechecked everything .
0	Dan was thrilled with his crafty work !	The whole sequence of dominoes toppled over .
0	Stan had so much fun on the field trip .	The kids get a chance to pick out their own book .
1	And he noticed someone next to him listening to music .	The person had earphones on .
1	His mother always warned him to be in earlier , but Bobby never cared .	One night , Bobby saw his friend get robbed and beaten badly .
0	Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy .	He gives his students a daily project to work on .
1	Billy and Adam both liked Abby .	When Abby joined them on the walk , the boys got into a fight .
0	So Shia had the tendency to be a dick .	Shia was the lead singer of a band .
0	Amy and her friend Beth were on the phone .	Twas the night after the first day of junior high .
1	Deb was worried she was n't going to have enough money .	When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales .
0	He bought an off-brand pair because it was cheap .	He decided that he would buy new shoes for the hike .
1	Jane was running on top of the building .	She decided to jump across a pipe to get to the other side .
1	Emily is riding her bicycle home from school .	She sees an injured bird on the ground .
1	She knew it would be tight .	But she had no choice other than to wait .
1	The fish took the bait and struggled against Gene for it 's life .	Gene reeled in the fish proudly and completed his fishing trip .
0	He took a trip there and he had to agree with the other visitors .	He had heard so much about the Cliffs of Moher .
0	He told everyone that they should help with a food drive after church .	He preached about ways to care for other people .
0	I saw mochi and wanted to buy some .	The other day I went to a Japanese shop .
0	Lana was allowed to walk to school if she carried her phone .	Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough .
0	At 17 , he decided to take the test and join the army .	He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns .
1	He had the whole class believing them .	The teacher heard about it .
0	He practiced his moves everyday .	He really wanted to get his black belt .
1	James said that it was because of rust from the old iron pipes .	She wanted to see it for herself .
0	He went on a drastic diet that did n't seem to work .	Will wanted to lose weight before summer .
0	She felt festive at first , but then kind of sick .	She had several green beers .
1	Crows have been circling the area lately so he assumed it was them .	He spent most of his money to buy a scarecrow .
0	She got it from a local organic grocer .	Becky made some fresh coffee .
1	He had a cup of red fruit punch in his hand .	When he tripped it splashed all over his white shirt .
0	Then one day as she entered a supermarket , she saw a stunning man .	She would wonder when he would walk into her life .
1	I managed to lose 20 pounds .	I ate a lot of food on Easter .
1	Mike went to a coffee shop one day .	He was sitting in the shop when a woman caught his eye .
0	He was finally able to buy it .	Craig was saving up to buy his dream car .
0	Every chance he got he would try and catch a game .	Ray had been a fan since he was a kid .
1	Ben wanted to be a weightlifter .	At first he could bench only forty pounds .
0	They started to blame every error and mistake on him .	His coworkers noticed that he did this .
0	His mom was angry and ran towards him .	He would run to the side of the road at the last minute a car came by .
1	He decided to pay for a coach .	He works out with the coach for a month .
0	Now he is able to work out his problems .	He finally talked to a professional .
1	She was mistaken .	She confused me with another student .
1	Her mom packs her a lunch for the day .	Sara runs out the school bus to go to school .
1	After graduating , she put in many applications .	Dylan landed a job at her favorite news station .
0	The entire bathroom had been flooded .	Within minutes , there was water everywhere .
0	Fiona got first place .	She tried her best to win the contest .
0	I walked across the clean fluffy carpets in my home .	I spent the day cleaning the carpets .
0	She filled her home with items she got for next to nothing .	Jan called herself the coupon queen .
0	I looked all over for Bob .	One day I lost Bob outside .
1	Her current sofa was a dark brown color .	She really wanted a new red sofa .
1	I went to get bagels at the coffee shop .	There was a really pretty girl there too .
1	Tara tried to make a cake .	It was baking well until someone slammed a door in the house .
0	He had some broken wire in a wall so he needed to buy new wire .	Tim was trying to fix the electrical wiring in his home .
1	When he finished , her hands were a mess !	Bob realized he was pretty bad at nail-painting , after all .
1	His project was about the amount of sugar in different drinks .	His board showed bags of sugar representing the amounts .
1	Her friends helped her practice every day for a month .	The day of tryouts came and Meg 's friends cheered her on .
1	She showed them her dad 's prized collection of rocks .	When her pals begged , Becky let them each keep a rock .
0	The I remembered the three feet of snow outside .	I oiled the chain .
0	A single mom , she worked three jobs to save enough money .	Jennifer wanted to take her three kids on a vacation to Disneyland .
1	We had been walking for a long time and I felt scared .	I became even more frightened when I realized I was hiking alone .
1	He was seeking deer .	He did not hear anything as wolves snuck up behind him .
1	Within months , his investment grew .	Chase will be able to go to college one day .
1	She decided to send a prank email to his girlfriend .	When her brother found out , he was very mad .
1	Noah had been saving for a car for two Year 's .	Yesterday , on his birthday , his parents bought him a car .
1	They shrugged and acquiesced .	Ike had a great time playing basketball with them !
1	Denise had a dream to become a dancer .	Her mom was practical and did n't want Denise to become a dance .
0	Anna decided she was not interested in Nick , and left .	Nick was late getting to the bar , which made Anna upset .
1	The teacher gave us an assignment in class to write a short story .	I had no idea what to write .
0	She started by adding a milkshake to every dinner meal .	One day she decided to gain a little weight .
1	The prize for the raffle was a car .	She liked to fantasize about winning the car .
0	Ben decided he and his wife will do the renovations themselves .	Unfortunately , they do n't have the money .
1	A park ranger saw this and yelled at him .	Eric ran off and hoped that he was not being chased .
1	Pat went to brush his hair with his favorite brush .	The brush was full of old hair from previous brushings .
1	They hopped into the car and drove to the museum .	Henry 's visit to the museum proved to be one of his best days ever .
0	She thought about it and came up with a solution .	But Anna needed it to fall asleep !
0	When he finally sees an open seat , he rushes to sit down .	He balances his order on his tray and looks for a seat .
0	I began to cut into the vegetables with the knife .	I put vegetables and a knife on the counter .
0	He daughter came home and said she was having fun so she did n't leave .	But she stayed out past her curfew .
0	Jen sat back down and found where she left off .	She stood up to brush herself off .
1	JD became angry with the company .	JD no longer submits his writings to that company .
0	It ended up coming out very dry .	Oliver had made the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner .
0	Jan rarely complained , but she mentioned her feet were more tired now .	Soon , it was obvious to the customers that Jan was going to be a mom .
0	She asked Alice if she knew what happened to the bobblehead .	When she left , Maria noticed her bobblehead was missing .
1	Every student in the class failed except her .	The next day the teacher wrote the grades on the board .
0	He had bought a brand new bike for the race .	Ethan was entered in a bike race .
0	Alex decided to look for a business that could help .	So far , his boss had n't received anything .
0	When she made it to the front she asked for the movie .	She waited in a long line to get her ticket .
0	One year , he put up more lights than ever .	He used to cover the front of his house with lights .
1	Matt 's cats brought in lice .	There were too many in the house .
1	The dogs wandered off the path often .	At the end of the hike , both Jeff and the dogs were happy .
1	Everyone filled in to see them play .	They began and man were they good .
1	She went to a home improvement store to find paint .	While looking at paint swatches , a handsome man approached her .
1	She was so hungry !	But she used her willpower to refrain from eating .
0	Tomas ca n't lift weights for 3 more months .	Tomas tears his pectoral .
1	He decided to teach his girlfriend how to play it .	She learned a basic beat quickly .
0	She wanted to be a dragon for Halloween .	There was a little girl named Sophie .
0	After trying on several pairs , he found one he liked .	He went around to a mall in another town looking for the right kind .
0	As a result the processor failed .	I decided to spell everything incorrectly just for fun .
1	All of the gifts were puzzles !	Ann now had so many puzzles , she thought she 'd never finish them all .
1	Each week he wrote letters home , but then he stopped !	Joe was nervous and scared , wondering what happened to Jack .
0	Heisenberg would cook Chinese food often .	Heisenberg loved to cook .
0	Sarah is now a very successful psychologist .	She was accepted at UMO and graduated at the top of her class .
0	Suddenly he realized that he was lost .	Chris was out hiking at night .
0	One day she got a call from a grumpy old man .	She was a very hard worker .
1	He waited all week for a letter from her .	When it arrived , he tore it open eagerly .
1	Tami needed her husband to fix the plumbing immediately .	She had family coming for a mini vacation .
1	Amy was on a late night drive .	She passed a sign that said Welcome to Ebenezer .
1	It was about a power struggle .	The power struggle between 7 kingdoms .
1	Alas , I took triple the recommended amount .	I developed diarrhea .
1	I called the vet and he said the fish was sick .	I went to the vet and bought medicine for the pet .
0	The pet was a colorful parrot .	Her grandmother 's roommate had a pet .
1	Tina always wanted a kitten .	She never had a pet before .
1	Usman loved motorbikes .	He realized that he could make a living from motorbikes .
0	Then he went to the dealership .	He saved a few hundred dollars .
0	The two married , and Ruth kept her secret .	With a sad heart , her boyfriend gave the dog away .
1	She bought a bottle of dye called Dark Ash Blonde .	Ellen applied the dye and waited for it to work .
0	I ate healthy foods for months and felt a change .	I began to follow his advice while eating .
1	The new spot worked and they brought in half a dozen fish .	That night they had a delicious meal they were proud of .
1	Greg stood on the deck of a wooden ship .	He lifted his harpoon and threw it with all of his might .
0	Instead , her mom drove a friend 's daughter to a college interview .	Her mom said that she would be working that weekend .
0	He thought he 'd gotten away with it , too .	Robbie extorted the rich banker for millions .
1	Natty had long dreads he wore since he was a young boy .	One day at school , a bully cut them off with scissors .
1	He began brushing thrice daily in preparation .	The dental hygienist told Sherman that he was over-brushing .
0	They refuse to give him full time .	He works hard and has a varying schedule .
1	He brought it to his room .	Then , he turned it upside down .
0	Later that night , Dana delivers a healthy baby boy .	Jessie helps Dana to the car and rush to the hospital .
1	But he felt really good about doing something for homeless people .	He even worked on an extra scarf at home that night .
1	Her parents moved to two different places .	They wanted Brittany to decide which parent she wanted to live with .
1	Carl delivers gasoline to gas stations .	His job is very risky and his wife worries about him very much .
1	For a second , she felt really dizzy and lightheaded .	Luckily , she was able to get back up and walk home safely .
0	She made a huge effort to improve her grades .	So Katie worked hard and studied often .
1	Bill always loosened the cap on the salt shaker in restaurants .	Bill would wait and watch the victims of his pranks , laughing .
1	After reading the books Chuck felt more confident .	Both Chuck and his wife have raised a very nice little girl !
0	The car veered to the side of the road and hit a bucket of cans .	In doing so he lost control of his car .
1	He learned that the class taught things that were not exactly true .	He began to research many historical accounts of facts .
1	Jane and Jim had a fun first date .	Unfortunately their second date was n't going as well .
0	After high school he enrolled in a commercial pilot school .	Zeke wanted to become a pilot .
0	Soon into cooking the rice cooker overflowed .	He filled it to the top with rice .
0	She was becoming impatient however .	So she put one in the oven .
0	I was n't looking forward to it .	As a teenager , I needed to get braces .
0	The front desk worker had to reschedule my appointment .	I rushed into the dentist since I was five minutes late .
1	His pants no longer fit him very well .	Instead of buying new pants , Marco buys a belt so his pants fit .
0	She signed up for lessons in school .	Laura wanted to play the harp .
0	She would rather go to the mall or movies with her friends .	Lucy was a teenager who never found time to spend with her family .
0	His break ended lasting 2 hours .	But he did n't feel very motivated to finish it .
0	But as summer approached , she felt urged to cut it .	Jane wanted to let her hair grow long .
0	The roof started coming off the school .	They never thought a tornado would actually hit .
1	He loved the small towns .	And the locals were friendly !
0	We are Chinese .	My mom packed quail eggs for my lunch one day .
1	Everyone knew Sam was forgetful .	So they were worried about him being in the school play .
1	Jill screamed at her boss for complaining about her work .	Jill was warned that she would be fired if she acted up again .
0	The couch and chair did n't match each other .	The same day his wife Lucy bought a new chair for the living room .
0	If I do n't get out of bed quickly , they stand on my body and meow .	They wake me up each day to let me know they want to eat breakfast .
0	When she was 10 Year 's old , she was allowed to pick one dress .	Diane 's family did n't have a lot of money .
0	But she was so tired , she did not hear the alarm .	She set her alarm to wake up at eleven .
0	He did not think his mom was going to buy it .	He picked one out from the catalog .
0	On very proud of her because I know how hard she has worked .	My wife got a raise at her job .
0	The bee buzzed and stung me on the arm .	I tried to swat it with my arm .
0	A week later , the hurricane struck his city .	He stocked up on canned goods and additional resources .
0	But the librarian saw her , and sent her on her way .	She tried to sit quietly and read .
1	He wrote about how Elvis is n't really dead .	His book did n't make the best seller 's list .
0	Yesterday , he found a shop that only sells records .	Ed likes to buy vintage records .
1	Andrew decided to talk to her .	The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny .
0	When Chris tried it he was amazed at how bright it was outside .	They became friends and she encouraged him to go outside again .
1	I did n't make the team though which was disappointing .	The coach said that I need to work on my swing .
1	Jennifer was kayaking on the White River .	It began to storm .
0	He eats a delicious stir fry with rice .	Finally he decides to order Chinese food delivery .
1	The next morning school was cancelled .	All of the neighborhood kids came out to play .
0	The IRS came after Bob for some honest mistakes he 'd made .	Bob wanted to please people , so he gave it his best shot .
1	Soon she could tell that it was the fajitas .	From then on , she hated the taste of them .
0	He 's reviewed his candidates .	Pavel is excited to vote in the presidential election .
0	On his birthday she planned to surprise him at his place .	She wanted to trust that her boyfriend was faithful .
0	She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .	She felt poor and worthless .
1	The game the system came with was Sonic the Hedgehog .	Rob thought the game was going to be boring .
0	Her grandma liked Facebook and decided to keep her account open .	Lucy begged her grandma to close her Facebook account .
0	And within a month he 'd earned enough for a big new bike !	Each morning he got up two hours early to peddle his papers .
0	She wanted to make a good impression on him .	Taylor started working for a man named Mark .
0	My favorite period is definitely the American Civil War .	I collect old photographs .
0	Cara was in a lot of pain so she went to the office .	The day before the competition she fell at school .
0	When she walked up on stage , she got to her seat .	She was nervous and worried about how she would sound .
1	She purchased plastic pails of different sizes to act as molds .	Debra taught them to fill a pail with sand to flip them carefully .
1	Andrew was n't careful and he spilled the spaghetti on the floor .	His mom was upset that he did n't listen .
1	Everyone was coughing on campus .	In addition , they never bothered to cover their mouth while sneezing .
1	Mike was sure he could win , so he cockily accepted the challenge .	Mike was thoroughly beaten , and he learned to be more humble .
1	When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing .	Sarah had put on way too much perfume .
0	Dirt particles from the cloth had rubbed against his car 's paint job .	After rinsing his car , Jimmy noticed lots of little scratches .
0	He did not apply sunscreen because it was not very hot out .	Trevor was looking forward to his big trip to the beach .
1	She looked in a mirror to see if the it was bleeding .	There was no blood , but there was no skin on the wound .
0	Kim was angry at how stiff and awkward the artist 's drawings were .	And she saw online videos of another artist drawing .
0	But his dad insisted he stay home to mow the lawn instead !	Al wanted to go to his friend 's party to find a girl to date .
1	The player ran to steal second base and was almost thrown out .	The coach felt in the moment so he told the player to steal again .
0	He decided to take his dog to the dog park .	It was over a month ago but he could n't forget about it .
0	Jasper is so happy he guitar sounds good again .	Now his guitar sounds great !
0	She boiled them in the pot .	She picked plums from the orchard .
0	She hurried them into a safe place and no one was harmed .	A bus driver , seeing the twister coming , evacuated the bus .
0	He was ready to start getting into shape !	Juan tried them on and they fit perfectly .
1	At first she hated it .	But then she got a coworker named John .
1	Marcy wanted to start the 21 day fix program .	It was a diet program that made you portion out your food .
0	Henry taught his kids just as he always did .	Henry soon found a wife and had children .
0	I rode a pony named Dash .	I was too small to ride the big horses .
0	They went to the pound .	Jenny was finally getting a kitten .
0	Unfortunately three of them had no more in stock .	I went to Bestbuy to get an iPad yesterday .
1	The Probiotic was crucial and kept the digestion on track .	One day there was none at her local stores or online .
0	He was very hungry but he did n't have any money .	Gus forgot to take his lunch to school .
1	Francine has always wanted to have earrings .	Her parents asked her not to have her ears pierced .
1	I sneezed as I woke up this morning .	I knew immediately that something was not right .
0	As Kelly walked into the building she saw some nice girls .	Everyone else had already made friends .
1	When she rang the doorbell , Ashley 's friend answered .	Ashley turned red and ran away .
1	Then she stumbled upon the real cure .	Chicken soup and hot tea made her well !
0	I ordered the materials for the training .	I signed up for online classes with Les Brown Inc .
1	She took two artists under her wing .	The artists argued continually and had a power struggle .
1	The tires on her car were very bald .	She had to stop suddenly for a kitten crossing the road .
0	The bag opened suddenly and potato chips flew everywhere !	He held on to the bag with his teeth and pulled .
1	I woke up early on my mother 's birthday .	I had previously decided to make her a cake .
0	The teacher knew that Lori had n't done that work .	She stole John 's homework and turned it in with her name on it .
0	Luna opened the blinds and looked outside .	She tossed and turned to no avail .
0	Jill had her surgery successfully .	She was scared she might not make it through .
1	She tripped over her shoe lace .	Her arm smacked the wall .
1	It only takes her once or twice to learn a new song .	Yesterday we listened to a song three times .
1	Later she wanted a job that she liked better .	Now Sandra works at a clothes store with better working conditions .
0	He met a like minded nice girl .	He decided to take a yoga class to help socialize .
1	Johnny was excited to go the the flea market with his mom .	When they got there they went from table to table .
0	So everyone was excited that the cafeteria was serving pizza .	It was Friday .
1	Steve walked into his barn to grab some hay to feed the horses .	He tripped over a shovel and crashed into the hay pile .
0	He was very anxious , so he thought about skipping .	Mike was graduating high school later in the day .
0	Amy gladly loaded up her salad .	She was delighted to see so many offerings for salad toppers .
1	She could n't believe she never had it before then .	Tina decided to make it herself .
0	He decided to learn how to write python code .	Gunther had heard that coding skills were in high demand .
0	They kept the baby - and finally got their little girl !	But to her shock , she became pregnant anyways !
0	Matthew looses computer privileges for a month .	Water spills all over the keyboard .
0	My imaginary friend was named Jeff .	When I was 15 , I had an imaginary friend .
0	She was very scared to do so .	On the way there she had to go on a small plane .
0	John no longer runs across the parking lot on icy days .	He slipped and fell on the icy patch , causing him to get hurt .
0	He surprised her and remodeled her entire kitchen .	Joe wanted to make his grandma very happy .
1	So Ben had a white carpet installed .	But he found that it was difficult to keep looking clean .
0	His son mocked , and ran along side the enclosure with the monkeys .	The went to the monkey enclosure at the zoo .
1	He bought some gas for the mower .	He put the gas in the mower and started it .
0	After this they were tired and went home .	Then they went swimming in the lake .
1	Kelly decided to start a retirement account .	Even though she had decades to go , she thought it would be nice .
0	She looked all over the kitchen , but no gummy bears .	She was craving sugar .
0	His teacher said not to worry .	Brad started to cry .
0	By the time night came , he was glad that it rained .	He dove into the book and read 300 pages during the day .
0	The tabletop was torn open and my friend began to apologize .	Suddenly , when he shot , he struck down at the green tabletop .
0	He brought the knife to his mouth and pasta slipped off .	To eat his pasta he used a knife instead .
1	On Christmas Day , Jay received a very large box .	Curious , she unwrapped and opened the box and took out the contents .
0	He went into a bar for a drink .	Howard was in the city .
1	I could n't believe that I made her sick .	I became a vegetarian so that I would never again risk someone 's life .
1	This included his mortgage , as he owned a condo .	He got out eventually , and thanked me for my efforts .
0	He met up with his team and distributed the balls .	He paid for the balls and drove to the golf course .
0	I had the television ready .	Last night I was going to watch top chef .
1	She have been begging me to teach her , every since I purchased it .	She woke me up one day at 8am with the helmet and knee pads in hand .
0	She was so entangled in the story she thought she was living it .	One day , she picked up a fantasy book .
0	They star in it and get it filmed .	Two best friends from Boston write a movie together .
1	He drank a lot of beers and shots while he was out .	When they were leaving his friend asked him to drive .
1	After watching herself on camera , Jill was able to feel calmer .	In class , she gave her speech and got an A .
0	Tim apologized and ran to his room .	His roommate confronted him about it .
0	My career has taken off thanks to my wife .	She made it worth while to work hard .
1	She tried to slide her finger in between the door and the frame .	When she had a grip , she pulled hard .
0	She spotted a stray cat on the side of the road .	Nate was driving with his girlfriend .
1	Her family decided to get a puppy .	He was so much work .
0	He applied at several stores near his home .	He was fifteen and ready to work .
1	He felt so badly , but Teresa forgave him immediately .	It strengthened their relationship that she was so forgiving .
0	Larry is happy he has done something about his sore throat .	Soon after drinking the tea , his sore throat subsides .
1	We went to visit her family .	It was a long drive .
0	His dream was to see the sewers of Paris .	He sold the ring and used the money to travel to France .
1	Dan bought some weed killer and poured it all over the grass .	After some weeks it finally started to turn brown and die .
0	After the exterminator killed all of the rats , Gary felt peace .	Gary called the local exterminator , who went to Gary 's house quickly .
0	On Monday morning when she was walking down the stairs she tripped .	She just needed to survive two more days without any face damage .
0	Sue bent to greet one of the goats .	He brought home a couple goats from a nearby farmer .
1	For weeks she practiced looking feminine and acting sweet .	Then a nice guy asked her to the dance , and she accepted !
1	When they purchased it they got their stuff and moved in .	Everything seemed to go well .
0	I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health .	I managed to beat some good players but lost to others .
0	We made it just in time for Tip off .	Finally I saw where we were going .
0	To her surprise it was not that bad .	Finally she sat down and went to take it .
1	She pulled off the lid and let out a squeal of delight .	`` A puppy '' she squeaked excitedly reaching into the box .
0	In the end , Austin 's parents found out did but not get mad at him .	Austin decided to bike to the store and get food anyways .
0	He was going so fast he could n't stop himself from colliding with her .	He made a quick turn and then saw a little girl on a bike .
1	It was redesigned especially for her day .	On her wedding , it was absolutely gorgeous .
1	Then they handed him a certificate saying `` Lifetime Service Award '' .	Rudy was so honored and proud , he nearly cried !
1	Jimmy went to the local diner to get some breakfast .	He could n't decide whether he wanted bacon or sausage .
0	But she had no container for them .	Gina 's jewelry was on her dresser .
1	His friend teddy said he should hire a home inspector .	He was very glad he hired one because he found lots of issues .
1	Hal gave them out to everyone , and developed a demand .	Now , Hal 's cakes are well known throughout the land .
1	Soon after she ate some of the nuts she stopped breathing .	In a panic , I called 911 .
0	When I mixed all my ingredients I put them in the oven .	I gathered all of my ingredients : flour , sugar , eggs .
1	Sometimes he would be too scared to sleep alone .	After one nightmare , he decided to climb into his parent 's bed .
0	A puppy popped out and started licking his face !	He sadly opened his first , wiggling gift box .
1	It was for TGI Fridays .	He planned to put the card in his pocket .
1	Tom went out and bought the engagement ring .	He popped the question and is now married to Ann .
1	She put a tarantula in a box of chocolates .	When they met up , mandy handed billy the chocolate box .
1	He would call himself Superman from then on .	Everyone laughed when he called himself Superman .
0	I went to the cat shelter , and one cute cat bit my hand .	I decided I wanted to adopt a cat .
0	I decided to make my own smoked salmon .	Alas , it was too expensive for me to eat more than once per year .
0	The cat slept there for the next two hours .	He found a soft blanket and curled up there .
1	Her teammates were inspired by her words .	Her team ended up winning the next game .
1	But when he needed to go bed , he could n't sleep .	Jim found himself wide awake until 5 AM .
1	When the adults arrived , the kids ran .	The men gave chase .
0	Everyone usually liked her rum cake .	She was tasked with bringing a dish .
1	He gave me an exercise program .	I followed the program for three months .
0	She did not know anyone and felt very lonely at times .	Liz moved into a new neighborhood and a new school for her kids .
0	When I asked my boss how come he said that he thought I was n't ready .	I got passed on a promotion at work ,
0	Walter and Jesse had great success working together .	When Walter heard about Jesse 's business , he asked if he could join .
1	Jill 's tomatoes kept disappearing off the plant on her deck .	There 'd be one ready to be picked the next day .
0	Her team decided they did n't like the way he managed them .	It was the 2nd Christmas with Amy 's new boss .
0	Tim won and felt proud	It was a close race but Tim pulled ahead at the end .
0	She demanded an explanation from him .	Tom broke his mother 's vase .
1	Max loves Linda !	Linda does not feel the same about Max .
0	I began to get thirsty so I got up for water .	I was using my laptop one day to do work .
0	The vet examined the cat and gave it shots .	The cat meowed and meowed and was n't happy at all .
0	She opened her shop , and had 300 customers the first day .	She decided to move to LA , and open her shop .
0	Those little balls of fried potatoes really made her happy .	Sarah always loved tater-tots .
1	Bo hit a double , and made it to second base .	Sam was next at bat , but struck out .
0	The buns were moldy and green .	However when I looked for the buns I found something .
1	The family decided to take a trip to the beach one hot summer day .	On the car ride there , they passed their neighbors on the road .
0	He was too small to play .	Evan loved football .
1	An old , frumpy woman appeared on the stage , to disinterest and jeers .	The judges snickered openly at the stocky spinster .
0	When it was time to learn the sex , she held her breath .	She hoped for a girl !
1	She got a dog named Fido .	One day Fido ate the pet bird and Jess cried .
1	She cried .	She could n't get over the fact that she was so old .
0	Lyn now has a great backhand .	The tennis pro helped Lyn 's backhand .
1	They spent all day picking a perfect flat screen at the store .	They were excited to get it home .
0	One day his mom made peas and he refused to eat them .	Benson never ate peas before .
1	They had secretly booked him a trip out of town .	He could not believe it when they all surprised him with the gift .
0	I went to the pet store but everything looked nasty .	I decided to go buy some new ones .
1	The family decided to take a peek at the store and load up .	They ended up purchasing numerous fashion jewelry pieces .
1	He had just had a massive heart attack .	He was at home to die comfortably .
0	I tried to use my charger on it but it did not fit .	My friend came to my house and asked to charge his phone .
1	Nick was late getting to the bar , which made Anna upset .	Anna decided she was not interested in Nick , and left .
1	He did some reading and decided to fix his eating .	For the next few weeks , he stuck to a better diet .
1	Horace cleans out all the old junk and papers from his closet .	When cleaning the papers , he comes across an old photo that he loved .
0	Now that he has lost weight , he wants to show off in a new suit .	Henry has spent months at the gym trying to lose weight .
1	She decided she should help it .	She picked it up and brought it home .
1	In a restaurant he met Duane , a teenager trying to be a comedian .	The teenager started telling jokes like he learned from Kevin .
0	Finally , he found some fresh grapes to eat .	He almost gave up .
1	It looked great .	It tasted even better .
1	SHE SLID ON THE HIGHWAY AND HIT THE CAR NEXT TO HER .	THEY BOTH SLID INTO THE GUARDRAIL .
0	When it arrived , I invited my friends over .	I finally had enough money so I ordered one online .
0	They ran fast to the end of the maze , completely out of breath .	Someone jumped out with a chainsaw and Jesse and his friends ran .
0	After a few moments , his son told him his battery had run out .	He decided to call his son into the room to help him .
1	Finally he had carrots , beans and broccoli .	He realized vegetables tasted better when you grew them yourself .
0	The tutor worked with Jack all quarter and his grade improved to a B .	Jack and his mother discussed his grade and Jack agreed to get a tutor .
0	He thoroughly enjoyed and had knowledge of the country 's culture .	Nick really wanted to go to Japan .
1	When they got to the library , Jenny ran inside to search the shelves .	To her dismay , the book had been checked out !
0	Loyd has never fully recovered from his mother 's constant blame .	He broke his neck and died .
0	Tina taught me otherwise .	I thought astrology was phoney baloney .
1	Amy and Sue had a conversation to work out their differences .	Sue seemed to understand why Amy was upset .
0	Cindy started to have feelings for him .	He had a girlfriend but always wanted to hang out with her .
0	More than anything , she wanted a CD player as a present .	Katie was really looking forward to her birthday .
1	After taking the exams , I decided to get together with a few friends .	We decided to hang out around campus before going home .
0	Jake got very sick and Jason had to put him down .	For the next decade and a half , the two were inseparable .
1	Then , her boss offered to let her wear her sweater .	Sarah put the sweater on and felt nice and warm .
1	One day , she challenged Sally to a game of deck hockey .	Sally never played deck hockey before and was very nervous .
1	Raul looked in his stash box for his weed but it was empty .	He then went through all his pockets for any drugs .
1	Suddenly she realized that her necklace was gone .	She dove underwater and searched the pool .
1	The ball had a handle that he could hold on to while he bounced .	He bounced on his ball every day , from morning until night .
0	Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork .	She let them cook for 4 hours .
0	She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels .	Anna liked the spotted one , but he was already adopted .
1	Phoebe decided to move out .	Denise was sad to lose her roommate .
0	He drove it everywhere and loved to show it off .	It 's the first vehicle he has ever owned .
1	Lynn stood on a rock and peered into a window .	In the kitchen she could see Lynn 's dad in the refrigerator .
0	Luckily , she had a granola bar in her kitchen .	She had not eaten all day .
1	Tim asked the girl he liked out to dinner .	The night of the dinner , he was really nervous .
0	She drove to the mall and went to the mobile phone store .	Katy decided to go to the mall to get a new one .
1	She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke .	Candy had finally burned a ham .
0	Jared walked into the line and waited to order .	He saw a local ice cream shop and decided to walk in .
0	One day , they all went to Jim 's house .	Jim , Tom , and Sally decided to form a study group .
0	One day Ted snapped and broke every window in the car .	Everyday a car parked in the front row took up two space .
1	Sue was at her daughter 's house .	Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick .
0	He started working on his costume early .	Sam loved Halloween
0	The two began dating and soon after Alicia became pregnant .	Alicia was impressed by his work and she was attracted to him as well .
0	He then collected the papers to grade that night .	He read the questions out loud as they scribbled down their answers .
0	His friend asked if Cameron would photograph his surf sessions .	He stayed home , sad and angry at the circumstances .
1	She called her old store and asked to be re-hired .	Amy was sad to hear she had already been replaced .
0	Everyone looked at me funny .	I sat down on a rubber couch and the couch made a fart like noise .
0	I had to walk the rest of the way .	The car stopped on me just blocks from the house .
1	She swam as far as she could go .	However to her surprise she saw a shark .
1	Sadly , the dress was frumpy and saggy and the zipper broke at once .	Gloria was very disappointed and returned the dress for a refund .
0	And he quit playing .	He blamed Mike for his own mistakes .
1	That 's when his sister realized the stench was coming from his mouth .	When he went to the doctor they found he had a mouth infection .
0	He did all sorts of fun stuff on the cruise	Tom went on a cruise through the Caribbean
0	The kitten wanders around trying to find some food .	A baby kitten wanders out of the house .
0	It was their first home and they loved it .	One day , she found a fixer upper for a young couple .
0	Jim went to the dentist , who looked at his teeth .	He could n't figure out what was the problem .
0	Now I believe Dett is a killer because she told she was .	I asked Detts sister but she would not answer me .
0	Jim would n't let them .	His friends wanted to come over .
0	The captain ordered the crew to make a hard turn to the right .	There was a heavy storm coming and the radio signals were out .
0	She shut off all the lights in her house and walked to the door .	Ida was getting ready to go out with her friends .
0	She watered them and cared for them until they grew big .	Afterwards , she planted the trees in the holes .
0	So she went to the apple website to research computers .	Roxy wanted an apple computer .
0	The message contained a link to a video .	Beth received an online message from a friend .
1	He was excited to finally be able to ride the coaster .	He rode it three times that day .
0	The co-worker had none but suggested she visit the drug store .	She asked a co-worker for aspirin .
1	I was using a saw so lots of dust was getting in the air .	I began to cough and my chest hurt .
1	I did not drink beer until I was 26 .	I was a night school grad student .
1	Estelle is a 40 year old black woman and Steve is white .	Rita told us she would not date interracially because of her father .
0	His friends tease him for always walking or riding the bus .	Javier has always been afraid of riding the subway in New York City .
0	Jill 's parents bought her a new one .	Jill 's ice cream cone fell on the floor .
1	She took it into her mechanic .	Her mechanic told her she needed new rear brakes .
0	First , his mom had to drive him to the bus stop to catch the camp bus .	Jessie was about to go to summer camp .
0	The cops came by to give Tim a ticket .	Tim turned the music up louder .
1	I decided to visit her .	I got to the top floor and peered outside the window .
0	Hank put the two-dollar bill in a safe where he could not use it .	Hank was afraid he would spend it on drugs .
0	Maddie 's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward .	When report cards came out , she had earned all a 's and b 's !
1	She picked out a dress .	He took her to dinner .
0	It was the best thing they could have done .	They put themselves on a budget to get out of debt
0	I ate a lot of food on Easter .	I managed to lose 20 pounds .
1	Paco had ambitions of riding horses .	He bought a pretty pony and learned how to take care of it .
1	When the class started , Kate felt even more nervous during role call .	The instructor assigned everyone difficult work .
0	Bob 's audience listened with rapt attention and swayed .	He talked about the might and glory of a deity .
0	When she was trying to change lanes , her front tire popped .	Gina was driving on the highway .
0	He remembered to smother it instead of using water .	He ran into the kitchen and saw an oil fire .
0	She had put Wendy 's toys and furniture in it so she 'd feel at home .	Her mom walked her to her bedroom when they got to the house .
0	Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room .	She lit a couple of candles for ambiance .
0	Tina said she was seeing how many lives the cat had left .	She found Tina holding the cat under the faucet .
0	But they did n't have any chocolate .	Ed and his friends wanted to make s'mores .
1	He waited in his seat for hours .	The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours .
1	David shouted at his friend .	The friend was frightened .
1	They saw a Broadway show .	They always have a great time catching up .
0	Bob swam out of the river .	There was a hole in his kayak !
0	She knew that she had to figure something out .	She was fighting with her coworkers .
1	Fernando takes a day off work to paint his bedroom .	He is very happy how his bedroom looks with gray walls .
0	Then his eye landed on the fruit bowl .	He hurriedly cast about for a portable meal .
0	When she got to the restaurant she was greeted sweetly .	She had seen the waitstaff on television and was excited to meet them .
1	I gathered all of my ingredients : flour , sugar , eggs .	When I mixed all my ingredients I put them in the oven .
0	One girl thought this was unfair , and she organized a protest .	In China there used to be very strict laws .
1	She went out and looked at several different stores .	After searching for hours , she finally found a set she liked .
1	I took the bike home and checked out the problem .	I went to the store and bought the tube to fix the tire .
0	It was an orphan and all alone .	One day , scientists discovered a baby gorilla .
1	Sam 's windshield cracked .	He had to have it replaced .
0	Sue seemed to understand why Amy was upset .	Amy and Sue had a conversation to work out their differences .
1	Garry and Frank met up at their usual hunting spot .	Frank was glad that he got the opportunity to go hunting with Gary .
0	We had a good chat .	So , he took me out for a celebratory drink .
1	Jim put all his things in a paper bag and left the house .	It rained and Jim tried to cover the bag .
1	Sherry put the kids outside to play .	And Gina crept upstairs to her room to read alone .
0	He jumped in front of the train , but the train slowed down .	All of a sudden a man began running towards the tracks .
1	Angie went to a cocktail party hosted by her best friend .	She overheard a neighbor criticizing the host 's taste .
1	The queen ant sent out messages to the army ants .	The army ants readied themselves and set out for the enemy hill .
0	The target was in his sights , but he had to recalibrate .	Peter grimaced as the wind pounded against him , again .
0	He began practicing .	Tyler bought himself a skateboard .
1	Clyde crouched down and prepared to be hit .	Hank just stood there , with his fist hanging in the air .
0	When he arrived he put the magazines on the counter .	He decided to take them to the pawn store to see what they were worth .
1	There was a horse that crashed into a tree .	It 's owners were very surprised .
1	Ani 's brother had his two kids taken away from him by CPS .	They bring the kids to Ani 's house .
1	Tim wanted to go to the concert more than anything .	He tried to buy tickets but they were all sold out .
1	Kevin had a big test coming up .	He needed time to study .
1	Unfortunately Steven lost his breath every time he ran .	He was worried he could n't keep up and would n't get to talk to her .
1	Stan likes the friend , Sam , and wanted to get to know her better .	After an hour , Sam 's mother started yelling at her .
0	After walking out , I became soaked from the rain .	Knowing this , the bus driver still wanted me to get out .
1	He was out of coffee today !	He was sleepy for the rest of the day .
1	While in the canoe , Ted 's youngest daughter fell out .	Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to rescue his daughter .
0	He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor .	A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus .
1	Her bill ended up to be close to $ 50 .	She was satisfied .
1	When they arrived , she tried them on anxiously .	Luckily , they fit perfectly .
1	He explained that the squirrel would need them in winter .	JIm re-buried the acorns so the squirrel would n't starve .
1	Hershel was a scrawny young man .	He had very low self esteem .
1	Darren fainted on the field suddenly .	Medical experts ran out to aid him .
1	Gina was n't fond of her cousin and wanted to escape .	To her dismay her sister and her cousin were good friends .
1	His managers were impressed by his numbers .	They made him Employee of the Year !
1	He wanted to see the old castles and ruins .	He took a train to Sofia and took tours from there .
1	Jeff said that it would cost nine dollars .	The customer laughed and walked away .
0	Bethy was afraid she would feel horrible and cry in front of people .	But her aunt had died and her mother insisted she attend .
1	Sam had to take a plane to go to Disneyland .	Sam was willing to fly to go there .
0	They went to a nice restaurant instead and had a great time .	Jim 's girlfriend thanked him for trying to make her happy .
1	He just could n't reach it .	Alex gave him a ladder .
1	She came home from work one day and found a surprise .	Her closet had been transformed .
1	Anna took loads of photos .	She had a wonderful time on her cruise .
0	She told him some were good and some were n't .	One day he showed all his drawings to his mom .
1	Seconds later the chair broke and Dave fell .	Dave got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair .
0	Robbie felt lonely and sat down to cry .	His father told him he was busy .
0	She did n't ask him though .	She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him .
1	Suddenly he gets a call from a customer .	The customer states there is hair in the food .
0	Ivy rubbed it onto her sore skin .	Her mom gave her a tube of aloe gel .
1	Usually they did not .	About one if a hundred people got really excited over it .
1	James was on his way to the podium when the rain started .	The weather caused everyone in the crowd to seek shelter .
1	I took my son to the doctor this morning because his eyes were red .	We sat in the waiting room for about five minutes .
1	She kissed him on the forehead .	He said that was yucky .
0	Nate must rest one more day before he can play outside .	Nate is starting to feel a little better and want to go play .
0	Jill told me Bob looked familiar .	One day a Bob and his family moved in .
1	Tammy had n't done the laundry in weeks .	She had run out of clean underwear .
0	Ten Years later Kevin and Wendy got married .	One day a girl named Wendy stood up for him .
1	Their escape had been entirely too easy .	Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it .
0	I always wanted one for a pet , so I did my best to keep it a secret .	One day , a pig wandered onto my parents farm .
0	My friend recommended I use a pivot table .	I did n't know how .
1	They asked me to speak and I do n't like to speak in groups .	I practiced my speech and when giving it I spoke too fast and quietly .
0	While the other kids were excited , Nell felt uneasy .	Nell 's class went to an amusement park for a special treat .
0	When he found out that he had cancer he knew that he would die .	He knew that he had done well in his life .
0	We could see flames everywhere .	The entire Morgan Memorial building was on fire .
0	In chemistry class he fell asleep .	At lunch he ate a chicken bacon ranch sandwich from Subway .
0	They immediately booked the room again for next year .	The girls looked and saw sharks .
0	Poor Tim had to return the steak to the grocery store .	The steak was rotten !
1	He ordered tons of sandwiches and several pizzas .	Then , he never went to pick up the food .
1	First , he went home to change his clothes .	Next , he went to the mall .
0	While skateboarding , Mimi fell and scraped her knees !	Mimi was in such a hurry , she forgot to put on her knee pads .
0	When the strange man left town , they learned he was a war hero .	When Billy told his parents , they forbid him from going near the man .
1	Hy came from Asia and was forced to work in a brothel .	But one day a kind stranger snuck her out the back door .
0	She needed to get up early the next day .	Maria was laying in her bed .
0	She ended up falling in love with a kitten .	Kelsi went to the local animal shelter to help out .
1	He always gets so very high .	I know it 's morning when I hear the bird 's crow .
0	Mixing pancakes is hard work but Grandma makes it fun .	Then we put it all in the big glass mixing bowl and stir it up .
1	I placed my bait in the water .	After several minutes , the water was still clear .
0	`` A puppy '' she squeaked excitedly reaching into the box .	She pulled off the lid and let out a squeal of delight .
0	Johnny is glad he found a way to stay cool .	He spends the whole day swimming there .
0	She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound .	She carried the pot to her table to serve some .
1	They were super excited .	It got started .
1	Jessica had just had her baby .	He was a hefty baby and a lot of the stuff she had was too small .
1	For Mitch 's birthday , his friend gave him a history book .	Mitch thanked his friend but secretly hated the gift .
0	He was nervous because he had n't see his old friend in years .	Tom was going to his high school reunion .
0	All the effort paid off .	I wrote from the time I woke up till the time I went to sleep .
0	She thought the date would be a failure .	Ava was hesitant .
0	Johnny was feeding Nemo one day and realized that the water was dirty .	He named his fish Nemo .
1	I went to the store to get him .	Security did not press charges but banned him from the store .
1	The kids get a chance to pick out their own book .	Stan had so much fun on the field trip .
0	Chuck was so happy , he gave his friend $ 20 to thank him !	His friend came over and quickly installed the radio .
0	The ultrasound technician told them that her babies were doing great .	Her husband and her went in for an ultrasound .
0	She started to write all of her secrets in the diary .	Jenna decided to start a diary .
1	Julia had a lot of things to do that day .	She had to run errands and then she had to clean the house .
1	But every year , she noticed fewer and fewer people there .	Laura asked the owner about the falling popularity .
0	Diana was able to write an outline for her essay after 10 minutes .	The teacher told the class to start their persuasive Essay .
1	A man came running out and slammed the door into my face .	Before I could collect myself , the clerk came running after .
0	Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care .	She was so excited that every morning she would get up .
0	She realized a mattress spring was sticking out .	Finally she tried to inspect the source of the pain .
1	He chemically diluted it and began experimenting with it .	As he was working with it , he pricked his finger with a needle .
0	Laura had to get off and walk two miles home .	It headed in the right direction but then turned around .
0	She could see everything easily .	The bright moon reflected on the white sand causing it to seem like a day .
1	Little Timmy loved making home movies .	He would set up elaborate scenes and have his family act things out .
0	At the park , she saw a man get robbed .	She had writer 's block , so she decided to go write at the park .
1	Roxy and Sam had everything they needed to make a huge sand castle .	They spent the morning talking about their design .
0	The house sold , and Lisa moved to a little cottage by the bay .	She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale .
0	After finding the recipe , Barry gathered the ingredients .	Barry searched the internet for a quick and easy recipe .
1	Luckily , her friend offered to lend her a hair pin .	She put it into her hair and then left to get married .
0	Thankfully I found one that was backlit .	I wanted something that was portable .
1	Dan and his high school basketball team were Champions .	They worked hard all year and were very emotional .
1	He chose to enter them into the little league World Series .	Alan took his team to the World Series and they won .
0	Suddenly her stomach began to hurt .	Natalie was sitting at lunch with her friends .
0	He screamed and whirled around in his chair .	Suddenly , Ben felt something crawl across his back .
0	One day he heard something move .	He lived alone .
0	She bought it right away and took it to her mom .	Then she saw a gorgeous turquoise necklace !
1	He persisted , and made it through the speech he 'd prepared .	Cory was relieved when it was over .
1	He slid into the ditch .	Thankfully Jimmy was okay .
1	Bob 's shower ceiling was leaking .	He called a plumber .
1	Marcy called her boyfriend and thanked him .	Her boyfriend said he never bought her a pizza .
1	This time his little cousin got hurt in a fight .	Jason felt badly and could n't apologize enough .
1	He figured everyone likes technology .	He bought 3 ipods .
0	He got a match and started talking to her .	He wanted to meet a new girl .
0	I accepted his invitation .	My friend invited me to play rugby .
1	We snuck out at night with the equipment .	We ran through his neighborhood shooting at each other .
1	We ate at an Italian restaurant .	The food was good .
1	He ended up going to the store to look for ingredients to a meal .	He cooked the meal , then invited his friend Bob over .
1	Lucy just turned 21 , and it was her first St Patrick 's Day !	She decided to go to the bar early with her friends .
1	Beth got a job when she was fourteen .	She saved her money for two Year 's so she could buy a car .
1	But when she got there she was disappointed .	They were doing painting instead of sketching !
1	After much thought , she decided to stay home .	She laid in bed and rested the majority of the day .
0	The building owner told her it would be over a month for repair .	She had to close the shop to await repairs .
1	She hesitated to send the email but finally relented .	She missed him too and she wanted him back .
1	Joey 's favorite sport is baseball .	Every summer he tries out for the baseball team .
0	At first I began to panic , thinking I would n't be able to give gifts .	I 've never faced the Christmas season without money before .
0	I got the sewing kit out of the bathroom .	I resolved to fix the hole in the seat of my jeans .
0	Martin was afraid of heights .	Martin and his older brother Jim went to the amusement park .
1	And others watched him paint .	And people admired his landscape paintings .
0	But he made no efforts to become successful .	He thought of himself having a good job .
0	The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off .	As the officer approached , Dan simmered , preparing for an argument .
0	He was not sure if it was snow or ash from a fire .	He saw something fall from the sky .
1	She really wanted to make a good impression .	It was going well until she tripped , spilling red wine everywhere .
1	They brought in a few bundles of firewood inside their home .	They made a warm and cozy fire in the fireplace .
0	I will go but I think the Enchanted Village is spooky .	It has since moved to the suburbs .
0	Aaron Gordon and Zach LaVine put on a great show for the fans !	The dunks were out of this world !
1	Once he got on the plane he was nervous .	The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor .
1	The name of his mother was on it .	He was curious to see what was in it .
1	Theo always wanted to be like his father .	Theo 's father was in the army .
0	John had to call AAA to get his tire fixed .	When he pulled over , he found that he had a flat tire .
0	He needed to purchase new gear .	Tom was a mountaineer .
1	Charles was afraid he would never finish college .	He had taken several Years off school and was scared of college class .
1	The tennis pro helped Lyn 's backhand .	Lyn now has a great backhand .
1	She had never seen the country before .	She thought it was noisy and dirty !
1	I could sneak in , but I might get caught .	Then I would n't ever be allowed to go again .
0	They were happily until the teacher started to act serious .	The teacher introduced herself to the class today .
1	Rich sang along to every song .	He thought it was the best concert ever .
0	I could see the black stinger inside me .	I ran to the nurse to get some ice .
0	She needed to replace the batteries .	Her remotes stopped working .
0	He decided to try making money online .	He did n't have enough money to buy it .
0	I drove into town just to dump it .	I had trash that needed to go into the department dumpster .
1	He noticed his old neighbor was shoveling .	He went over and snowblowed for him .
0	Terri decided to work hard and got the best math grades in her school .	But eventually , her grades got worse .
0	He found them dry and boring .	He read books on style and formatting .
1	Bobby said Caramel and Beth suggested Sugar .	They wrote down names to pick randomly since they could n't agree .
0	One of his favorite theories is about the Roswell alien crash .	Hosea loved conspiracy theories .
0	The friend was frightened .	David shouted at his friend .
0	The two conversed and laughed as the person carried her luggage .	Luckily , a passing stranger noticed her struggle and offered to help .
0	I reached down to pick it up for her .	During class , I saw a beautiful girl drop her pen .
0	She was excited about going to Six Flags .	Cara woke up extra early today .
1	He was on the lookout for anyone that might be following him .	The coast was clear and he breathed a sigh of relief .
1	Annie always got to chose what her birthday cake would look like .	Last year it had puppies on it .
0	She put up her drawings of still life for everybody to see .	She had contacted a local art gallery about displaying her work .
0	She picked out some really pretty earrings .	It really hurt .
1	She rushed to get dressed .	In her hurry she ripped loose a button .
1	Ann took her dog for a walk .	Suddenly , her dog started to bark at a bush .
0	He liked to enjoy the scenery .	He loved walking slowly .
0	Gina grabbed her grandma 's purse and helped her to the car .	Gina sat and held her grandma 's hand while her mother got the car .
0	Magdalena is a beautiful baby .	I could n't believe it when my niece decided to name her baby that .
0	I got in after him and we then waited for the adventure to come .	I took my brothers hand and walked to the car .
0	He started filming it but he did not do very well .	Tim was the star of a new movie .
1	However , they say it is too expensive .	Jasper ignores their complaints , and uses the air conditioner anyway .
1	The reason why is he read a book about republican politics .	They tore down the World Trade Center before .
0	Suddenly , she heard a fall and a cry .	Andrea was in the kitchen .
1	Lenny worked at a museum .	He loved his job and was happy to be there .
0	First , we needed to pack for the trip .	My family planned to vacation in florida .
0	Susan 's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path .	On her most recent ride , Susan forgot her helmet .
0	She decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before .	She looked in the cupboards but there was n't much to work with .
0	Leaves started to die .	The temperature got cold .
0	Unfortunately , he threw up and was disqualified .	The contest began and he was doing really well .
0	Candles were used to illuminate the dark .	Melvin did not have electricity where he lived .
0	When Max picked it up , he saw that it was broken .	It crashed to the floor .
1	He looked for it in every room in the house .	He just could n't understand where he 'd last had it .
1	He had lots of fun at the pool .	He spent lots of time swimming and playing in the water .
1	He found multiple toy bears there .	Pablo was finally able to get a toy bear .
1	Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake .	Janet apologized and felt embarrassed .
1	It took hours .	He did not get home until very late that night .
1	When the teacher dismissed us for recess , tony ran quickly .	She decided to go on top of the slides .
1	She anxiously awaited to see if the other players were still in .	Karen screamed when the players retired and she won the jackpot .
0	My food became salty and I had to throw it away .	She ended up spilling too much .
1	I checked under the hood to find the radiator filled with coolant .	The temperature went down and I drove off confused but happy .
0	She is no longer allowed in the bathroom .	Finally , I found out my dog buried her bone in the laundry hamper .
0	Three of his teammates were injured under his leadership .	Jason was chosen to lead the team .
0	She went into the cafeteria and saw a huge line .	Jennifer was trying to get some lunch .
1	There had been a big storm and snow was blocking the roads .	His workers all called to say they could n't make it to the store .
0	He put it back in the oven and it came out fine .	We were worried we would get sick .
0	She was going to throw away some old shoes .	Jane was cleaning her boyfriend 's room .
1	She would find out where her mom bought it and let Gina know .	But 3 days later she still had n't told her .
0	They no longer talk and they broke their bond .	Whitney and Kyle 's friendship ended .
1	Bill was starving at work .	He could not wait for lunch time .
0	They wanted to firm a baseball team , but none of them had equipment .	Bay and his friends lived in a very poor neighborhood and had no toys .
1	He hit a patch of ice on the highway .	His truck slid off the road but Tim was ok .
0	One day a group of tourists came through the town .	He would sell his baskets in a local town .
0	He went to go pay for a watch .	Bob was shopping at the mall .
1	In fifth grade I got stung by a bee .	I had never been stung before .
1	Bobby hated that his five sisters always picked girlie movies .	So when it was his turn , he picked an adventure film .
1	His friends did not believe him .	Jeb showed them the video .
0	Now everyone is sick of Linda on the internet , and she is sad .	Linda does not know that , so she keeps loading pictures up .
0	The neighbor later found the broken bits and cursed .	Tim returned the drill to his neighbor .
0	Raji enjoyed himself and already made plans to attend another match .	The anticipation nearly killed him .
0	She lets her friends play with them .	Kim has many dolls .
1	She went next door and asked the neighbor boy if he would do it .	The boy agreed and mowed her lawn for her .
0	He likes hearing his mother and father talk in the front seat .	Marco loves riding in the car with his family .
1	On her most recent ride , Susan forgot her helmet .	Susan 's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path .
1	Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman .	She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect .
0	He considered declining the invitation .	But he 'd never been to a concert and he was nervous !
1	Finally he met a girl who would go to the wedding with him .	The wedding day came and she would n't answer her phone .
0	She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date .	But she noticed that it tasted odd .
0	She was upset the coworker could be heard on her calls by her callers .	Amy herself spoke softly .
1	He loved the pasta and meatballs !	But he was leaving soon , so it was time for a change .
1	Sadly , he is struggling to find a job .	One day , he applied for a job writing greeting cards .
0	Tom waited until nearly lunchtime before his supervisor appeared .	They issued him a pass and told him where his office would be .
0	Jay rewarded Rex with a treat for his obedience !	But gradually he grew better and better .
0	Luckily , I received a refund on the purchase .	Unfortunately , I noticed that the entire pizza is tough and stale .
0	Jenny had to clean it up for half an hour .	When she walked away , the baby spilled juice on the carpet .
0	It was Max 's worst nightmare , the microwave was broken .	But for some reason it the microwave would n't start .
1	She is always very well-kept .	One day she was walking into a store and saw a puddle .
0	For six solid months she walked miles delivering papers .	So she took matters into her own hands !
0	Terry efficiently had them all ready for one visit to the post office .	He had limited time to do this , as he wanted happy customers .
1	Sarah starts a new dance class today .	Her teacher is very nice .
0	Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer .	He agreed to the bet .
0	When the drawing was held , all the tickets were compared .	Everyone at work bought tickets .
1	Then she remembered that her car was out of gas !	Ivy had no choice but to walk all the way there .
0	The plumber gave Bob an estimate .	He decided to call a plumber .
1	The other day I went to a Japanese shop .	I saw mochi and wanted to buy some .
1	They were mean girls and no one liked them .	Amy was shocked she could have been blind for so long .
1	Jane decided to talk to the mother of the Bully .	When she spoke to Val 's mom she seemed indifferent .
1	And it was because was because Mike was always angry .	One day , Mike had a guest in his house .
0	When she took the cat inside , she gave him some tuna .	She decided to take the cat in .
1	He suited up , buckled his skis , but the guys skied off !	Charles began sliding backwards down a slope .
0	She kept talking although she sounded sick .	My friend Tina said she felt sick while we were on the phone .
1	He eventually ended up getting a ticket .	David thought that it was worth it .
0	I wrote a letter the the network venting my frustration .	I 'm not sure how we are ever suppose to get hooked on a series .
1	I tightened them up as best as I could .	Now I ca n't close the gate at the end of my driveway at all .
1	Mike thought he was the smartest person in his class .	He always bragged about getting the best test scores .
1	Jason asked his friend Steve to go with him .	Together they got ready for the concert by having a couple of beers .
1	The delivery person got the name wrong .	A different woman got the flowers .
1	Each was brandishing a gun .	The tallest bandit demanded everyone to the floor .
0	She could not afford to buy one .	Sky needed a cape for her costume .
1	She practiced since she was 6 years old .	Her mom 's birthday was today .
1	One day , a pig wandered onto my parents farm .	I always wanted one for a pet , so I did my best to keep it a secret .
1	I bought a book for my friend Joe .	Joe is a purchasing manager at a government agency .
1	He needed to make some money fast .	He decided to sell his gold ring .
1	I crashed into a tree halfway down .	My son was yelling something at me .
0	He tried everything from caffeine to exercise .	A boy named Jacob had never stayed up all night .
0	When it was time for the test , Joe did his best .	He was nervous about the test in his history class .
0	He did not expect to win .	Then he entered it in the talent show .
0	One day another car hit us while we were driving .	Before we start the care , he makes sure I buckle myself in .
1	The boy was frustrated .	He thought his friend was cheating at football .
1	But he realized he was out of pancake mix .	Sam 's friend called inviting him to IHOP for breakfast .
0	She always felt sort of lame after that .	She just declined , and they eventually gave up .
1	Monica had ordered her son some Christmas gifts .	When they arrived , she was checking them out .
0	My favorite pitcher was playing	I went to the baseball game
0	Paul then realized attempting repairs yourself can be expensive .	The tow truck took the car to a garage where it was repaired .
0	Ivan thought the game was depressing and stopped playing .	And he struggled with health problems and crime .
1	Tom must give up his french fries and lose weight .	He works very hard and is successful .
1	He began volunteering himself .	He felt great about being able to help so many people .
0	He wanted to be different , so he ordered one with pineapple .	Joe decided to order a pizza .
1	At the library she searched for the books she needed .	She was upset to find there were none there either .
0	We brought them back and shared with our families .	We found a lot of crystals .
0	Darlene needed to warn her boyfriend but he did not have a phone .	Darlene 's hated boyfriend was on his way over to the house .
1	Rich began to worry it might be skin cancer .	Rich went to the doctor to be assessed .
0	Jenna found out it was because of her blue hair .	At the interview , the employer told her he could n't hire her .
0	Sally did not see the large wave coming towards her .	Sally went straight to the largest pile of sand .
1	They told him to take a number and wait .	As soon as he sat , they called his number .
1	She watched TV on Sunday .	Annie failed her test .
1	Pandy chased the rabbit for a long time , but finally had to stop .	She returned to the house , tired and ready for a long nap .
0	Now Stanley eats hamburgers every Wednesday .	It had been closed for health code violations .
0	She gave birth to a healthy baby girl .	Her husband rushed her to the hospital .
0	She realized it must be because of the chips .	Eventually , she noticed she had been gaining weight .
0	Looking back over the recipe , he realized he put in too much flour .	When he came back he took the cookies out and they were n't right .
0	My belongings were soaked in water on the day .	Since I was already five minutes late , I ran to my class .
1	Jake knew he had to kick him out but was afraid .	One day Jake was missing 35 dollars from his dresser .
0	She followed her plan faithfully for a month .	She ran every day and never ate junk food .
1	Theh he noticed another child sputtering nearby !	Rick hurried into the pool and pulled the child out .
1	He spotted a raccoon dragging a fish from the river .	The eagle dived down .
0	His brother Sean was very jealous of his crown .	Morgan was the king of his country .
1	He spent all offseason working on his speed .	He dropped twenty pounds and made the team the next year .
0	Her brother fell off his bike .	She really wanted to be a nurse when she grew up .
0	However , she struggled paying bills a few days later .	Since he was broke for the week , she offered to pay for the food .
0	One day a neighbor told us he thought he saw a rat near our door .	The basement level contains the laundry .
1	Amy was done because she ate lunch alone .	She went to her 5th period class in a funk .
0	Susan was scared of losing her friend so she told him how she felt .	Brody was thinking about moving across the country .
1	One morning he forced himself to wake at dawn , despite feeling sleepy .	His first chore was to milk an old cow .
0	While driving on the road , I saw flashing lights .	I was driving to my friends house one day .
0	Finally the big day had arrived .	She was looking forward to a gift from her brother in Virginia .
0	George 's mother took him to a music teacher .	He decided he wanted to learn how to play it .
0	He took out his flashlight and began to explore .	A man went on a hike and found a cave in the side of a hill .
1	Josh always made Emma play football with him .	Emma always lost until she suggested they play soccer .
1	We were hanging out in a secluded room .	I leaned over and kissed her lips .
1	He did n't have enough money to buy it .	He decided to try making money online .
1	But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth .	Luckily , another girl had had an inhaler in her purse !
1	The worst thing was it was on silent .	She asked friends to call it hoping she could see the screen light up .
1	When she got on stage , she was no longer nervous .	Jasmine received a standing ovation for her scene in the play .
0	Hal was rewarded with a promotion .	Hal and his client won millions of dollars .
1	Gina was in her room listening to music .	A song played she heard a boy listening to .
0	They came over and I browned up some meat for Sloppy Joe 's .	It was my turn to provide food for poker night with the guys .
0	He has one sip and loves it !	Horatio flies to Oaxaca , Mexico to try tequila .
0	She forget to add oil and it tasted awful .	When the cake was done it looked delicious .
0	Her baby needed to be born early .	Her blood pressure was too high .
1	On the way her car ran out of gas .	Amy 's father was furious he had to bring her gas .
1	But Carl did n't see any books that he liked .	So he decided to write his own story .
0	Sometimes it 's in the form of coffee or energy drinks .	Jeff loves caffeine , he drinks it all day .
1	She saw her coworker driving next to her .	Denise honked her horn to catch her coworker 's attention .
0	Sam gave his kite to Ben and they were both happy .	Sam felt bad .
1	A group of college students came into the restaurant .	They sat down and told the waitress what they want to eat .
1	She opened all the gifts but there was no doll .	Her mother told her to go check on her bed .
0	He had a strong preference for coca-cola .	Steven did not eat at any restaurant where they served Pepsi .
0	It grew into the most beautiful garden in the neighborhood .	Everyday she cared for her garden .
0	He looked everywhere for them .	Ted lost his car keys .
1	Life got much harder .	He really regretted leaving his family .
1	It was so pretty .	Afterwards , everyone got to take a paper lantern home .
0	I will be happy tomorrow .	I sit and think aloud .
1	Frankie and his friend Josh were playing Halo online .	The two were losing to the other team .
0	He took the monkey home , and they soon became best friends	Finally , he decided to buy a monkey .
0	Ted vowed never to sleep through his alarm again !	He had to settle for a few cold Pop-Tarts that morning .
1	Ella 's flight home was canceled .	She and her grandma were snowed in in their house !
1	At home , he cooked his wife a fancy dinner .	She was so surprised when she got home from work !
0	She is forty-one years old and gets feedback from guys younger .	Lisa tried online dating .
0	He found one method that seemed to be the best .	A man tried many methods to improve his college exam scores .
0	Her girlfriend said it was a lame car and she would n't ride in it .	It was a Ford Taurus .
1	I had a really hard time deciding until I saw Cinnamon .	She was standing up and seemed happy unlike the rest .
0	He slightly glanced over drew 's test paper .	He freaked out since he study enough for the test .
1	He asked her out one day .	When he dropped her off at home , he gave her a kiss .
0	She met a lot of cool people and was glad her date never showed up .	Sally decided to stay at the restaurant and enjoy herself .
0	At the end of the night , Jessie asked him for a second date !	During the movie , and then at dinner , they chatted nonstop .
1	The cook tried to speak to me in a different language .	I did n't understand however , my friend did .
0	He was getting a poor grade .	He was having a hard time with it .
1	Gina sat and held her grandma 's hand while her mother got the car .	Gina grabbed her grandma 's purse and helped her to the car .
1	When the judges arrived they all had high praise for his project .	Mark was thrilled when it was announced he was the first prize winner !
1	Jake got really sick last week .	He went to the doctor for a physical .
1	I threw the softball towards my cousin .	He was able to hit the ball however , it hit a bee 's nest .
1	She then ran to the sound and found a sickly feral kitten .	Brandy took the cat to an animal hospital where it was revitalized .
1	Gina sat on her school bus in a window seat .	She watched as her old friends walked out of the school together .
1	Carl was waiting for his bus after school .	It was taking unusually long .
1	She fell on the floor and could n't get up .	Ron confessed that he broke one of the table 's legs .
0	He decided to go snorkeling on his second day .	Dave was in the Bahamas on vacation .
1	Yanis was scared that his dog would run away !	Unfortunately , his dog did indeed run away .
0	Then , he made a joke and hung up .	He called his aunt from a hidden number .
0	Rick began to cry when he realized daddy was n't coming .	Rick was surprised to see his mom instead .
0	Next she sucked up that ladybug .	She got out her vacuum .
1	They found one the loved and applied for a mortgage at the bank .	The loan officer reviewed their credit report and denied the loan .
1	She decided to dye her hair purple yesterday .	It was a curious decision .
0	Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever .	They searched for a shower for what felt like ages .
0	I told her that 's why I applied for an entry level job .	She withdrew my application because I did n't have experience .
1	She fed it and it clung to her so she brought it indoors .	Unfortunately I told her that we could n't keep it .
1	Jane has been unemployed for Years .	She wants a job but has had trouble finding one .
0	Then , she noticed a show that she had always heard of but never seen .	She was starting to have a hard time finding anything new .
1	She got a second job and took out loans for college .	Jenna now has a car , house , and is in need of nothing .
0	But that day , Sophie 's friends called and invited her to a movie .	Her mom forgave her , but made it clear she had to do it next week .
0	It was so cold as he marched down Main Street that his valves froze .	Alan played in the trumpet section for the Christmas parade .
1	A bear ate all their food the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking .	Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip .
0	First Meg spilled her popcorn all over the floor .	When we went to the movies last night it was a disaster .
0	She saw a puddle was in her path ahead .	Carly ran to class to be on time .
0	The kids liked them .	She gave out oranges to the kids .
1	He heated the grill .	While the steaks were on the grill , he entertained his guests .
1	She followed the procedure along with her classmates .	Then , they waited outside .
1	It was lunch time so we decided to head back home .	We forgot the oars and had to hand paddle all the way back !
0	The zookeepers managed to calm the bear down .	It ran towards Sam and attacked her .
0	While the yeast proofed and oven preheated , he gathered ingredient .	Brad decided to make some fresh bread .
1	He woke up hours later .	He was laying in a puddle of his own blood .
1	Within a year Tom put the house on the market .	He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it !
1	He then felt really bad .	He decided to clean his room and apologize .
0	Then he realized it was just the phone battery had died .	Jose started to panic .
0	One day , he applied for a job writing greeting cards .	Sadly , he is struggling to find a job .
1	After Tom ate dinner , he felt sick .	He realized he did n't do a thorough job of washing the dishes .
1	The trip had been a great success so far .	There were only a few more days left before they had to return .
1	One day , Jenny 's sister got pregnant by accident .	Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health .
0	She had drawn him some fan art and wanted to show him .	Kaitlyn was seeing her favorite author one day .
1	I pressed the record button .	It took five minutes to make the music cd .
0	The girls could n't wait until next year .	The guests had a blast .
0	The cancer eating away at him did n't have any less of an appetite .	Chad ate little and drank less .
1	A woman who lived on the street saw the cat .	She called the fire department .
0	Chips were on sale so he bought a bag .	Ira went to the store to buy something to eat .
1	Amy met a one of her co-workers for the first time .	The co-worker asked Amy to ring up a purchase for her .
0	I brought him home and posted his picture online .	The dog jumped right in .
0	He decides to make a cup of coffee .	Johann wakes up feeling sleepy .
1	She apologized profusely .	Then , she wished her a happy birthday .
1	Then , she pushed against the floor and extended her legs .	She straightened and stood for 5 seconds before dropping on her but .
1	When the coats arrived , Amy fell in love with one trimmed in fur .	But Amy 's mom handed it to her sister .
1	Every day he rode his bicycle to work and back .	Ed felt so good about his positive eco-impact !
0	She could n't wait to use more of it .	As soon as she put it on her hair , it felt amazing .
1	Joe was a stockbroker .	Ian paid him to buy and sell stocks .
1	He smiled at everyone he saw .	One day he was walking and saw a girl crying .
1	What he did n't know was many of those jerseys are fake .	There are a number of sites that sell these fake jerseys .
1	Spot died suddenly after a month .	My daughter was very sad about losing Spot .
0	My girlfriend was at work and liked coming home to beer .	We watched football for hours and had a great time .
1	Cal got salt and turquoise for her pelts .	She was very happy with her trade !
1	Amy and Charles were going on a cruise for their anniversary .	They booked and packed for a trip to the Caribbean .
0	All his peers praised and accepted him .	Rudy did a great job in a difficult situation .
0	The cars all had supercharged turbo engines , so they were very fast .	When the cars were delivered , he realized the supplier made a mistake !
0	She found it very enjoyable to her unexpected delight .	Laura reluctantly tried one .
0	Liam had to clean all the stickers off .	Mom was unhappy about the stickers on the walls .
1	Rhonda and her husband do n't get along .	They disagreed on dinner .
0	But he noticed a bunch of old things that he did n't want to throw away	Bill was cleaning out his garage .
0	At the end of the night they had to take a taxi to get home .	They ate steak and drank lots of wine .
0	Soon he had clients from three different schools .	He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board .
1	Butch had a really old computer .	Everything he did on it was slow .
0	She was ready to explore and see the world !	Ness was going to work her way through Europe .
1	Francis felt sick after eating the pie .	He began to regret eating the pie .
1	I hate spicy food !	But , I decided to eat it .
0	He went into the other room and had me close my eyes .	He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present .
0	So Jen used a duster to clean as much of it as she could .	Her mother noticed that there was lots of dust in her room .
0	He ca n't see what it is but he senses it is something evil .	He feels a weight on his stomach .
0	She learned it is called intelligence .	She learned that it 's not violence when it is self defense .
0	He moved to America as a young man .	It was there that he learned the secrets of a perfect pizza .
0	Johnny landed on his head in the arena dirt .	Johnny 's bull twisted and turned and bucked him off .
0	It did n't take long for me to arrive and see my friends .	The interstate was n't busy at all !
1	What Ana did n't know was that others knew of her ways .	One day , And was stranded , and really needed help .
0	The very next day , a dentist called , confirming her appointment .	One night , she told her son how badly the dentures hurt .
0	All of a sudden clouds rolled in .	He was having fun and it was bright out .
0	She knew vacation would n't last forever .	Kelly was ready but quite disappointed .
1	So were her uncles children whom she did n't like .	They pretended to get along .
0	Jeff limped home and painted his box green the next day .	The neighbor punched Jeff in the face before he could speak .
0	I stored some books in the condo hallway .	I used to sell books online .
0	She went for a long horse ride on the second day .	Susan took her family to a dude ranch for vacation .
0	She ended up buying both .	Janice could not decide between mint and strawberry flavors .
0	Inside she was screaming .	She did n't want them to know , so she kept smiling and cheering .
0	On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend .	Her mom says no .
1	Finally he booked his flight for Rome .	In Rome Arun saw many beautiful sights .
1	The bombs went off .	I have not seen anymore roaches .
1	He also picked up a second job to help pay the bills .	Fortunately , he was successful in paying off all of his debt in 1 year .
0	All of sudden a big deer came running across the road .	Larry was driving home from work .
0	Peg decided she liked her old bike better .	Peg realized she had to work overtime to afford a new bike .
1	She was tasked with bringing a dish .	Everyone usually liked her rum cake .
1	Gina instantly calmed down .	She apologized for yelling at her sister while angry .
0	I was great on stage .	I practiced acting all the time .
0	The neighbor showed up in the backyard in time to find Larry there .	While he was climbing , Melvin ran to the door and asked for the ball .
1	Roland definitely thinks that Mike is incorrect .	They argue and settle on a cook off .
1	One day there was a knock at the door .	It was a man carrying her cat .
1	Jimmy got the job !	Jimmy was happy and secure with his new job .
1	As the plane descended , her ears began to hurt .	She tried to chew some gum .
0	Frightened , James escaped away from the alligator unharmed .	The gator became excited and lunged towards James and the fish .
0	Karen hesitated but then thanked him .	He waved Karen off , saying that it was on the house .
0	The local restaurant was too far off .	The vending machine was broken .
0	Michael was worried nobody would like him .	One time , in his first day of school , he was very nervous .
0	A women passed by and stopped her car .	They crawled to a box .
0	It had hit electrical wires and sparks were flying everywhere .	He looked out his window and saw a tree had fallen down .
1	Lisa had never had acupuncture and was nervous , but decided to go .	She had a very relaxing and comfortable experience .
1	He was required to take a poetry class .	He did not appreciate the class .
0	He had been practicing at home for days .	It was Tim 's turn to kick the ball .
1	He walked through the store and struggled getting his items .	After checking out , Glen began the laborious long walk home .
0	She decided to take a bubble bath .	Amanda got home one night and was very tired .
0	Her favorite was the advent calendar .	Julia 's parents had just put out the Christmas decorations .
0	He said he was turning them into prunes .	That night , she found Joey in the tub with the plums .
1	Alas , he was expecting a call from his friend .	Sure enough , his phone died and he could n't recharge it .
1	Jenna screamed in terror .	A snake crawled within a few feet of her .
0	They were old playing cards , such as the 2 of clubs , or 3 of spades .	Maria always found cards when she went walking on the streets of NYC .
1	Her doctor had offered her a new kind of super-powered hearing aid .	She had it implanted and then waited eagerly for her first sound .
1	We filled an entire cart with the food we needed for the week .	We got to the register and could n't pay .
0	The little girl said she was locked out of her house .	Sandra asked her what was wrong .
1	She separated her clothes into separate piles .	She gathered her dirty laundry and went to the laundromat .
1	Bill and his brother Bob have a huge fight .	So Bob tells the entire school that Bill wet his bed until he was six .
0	I made a beautiful pecan pie .	I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients .
0	As he was working with it , he pricked his finger with a needle .	He chemically diluted it and began experimenting with it .
0	My friend Keith laughed so hard he was almost crying .	Suddenly someone grabbed me from behind and I screamed !
0	They started hiking together on weekends .	Mark learned to climb well and started to like hiking .
1	Today was Claire 's first exam at college .	She was very nervous .
1	She needed to have a major cleanout .	Becky called her friends to come help .
0	They had great discussions and Fran really enjoyed herself .	She started her own book club in the university center .
0	She wanted to honor her grandpa George with the name .	Luna needed to name her unborn child .
0	It had gotten infected !	But her piercing became red and swollen .
0	We were coming home from the park when we saw these strange statues .	Once , I was walking with my friends in the city .
1	The last movie we watched was Ernest Saves Christmas .	I thought it was a fairly cute movie and enjoyed it .
0	However , an angry man approached us .	The waitress served my food to me .
1	Then he sat for a while and thought of new ideas .	Now he has a lot of story ideas to write about .
1	The interstate was n't busy at all !	It did n't take long for me to arrive and see my friends .
1	I wanted to make cheese .	I began to boil milk .
0	They brought him the crab , but he did n't like the taste .	After eating all his food , he ordered crab .
1	Suddenly , she slid on ice .	The car stopped right before hitting a tree .
0	I finally could not hold it and I blinked first .	It was a battle that lasted thirty four seconds .
1	Mary texted Jon saying she forgot about the class and apologized .	Jon never tried to exercise with Mary again .
0	Her mama offered her two quarters .	Lorraine did not want to clean her room .
0	I was surprised and pleased to receive a bonus for the difference .	I was starting to regret working for that employer
1	I saw one that really caught my eye .	I brought it to the clerk and bought it .
0	Amy was sad to hear she had already been replaced .	She called her old store and asked to be re-hired .
1	They ate steak and drank lots of wine .	At the end of the night they had to take a taxi to get home .
0	He bought 100 copies .	When it was released , he went straight to the music store .
0	Cyborg 's side was out numbered by twenty extra robots .	The robots on the other side where bigger and stronger .
0	They were saying they had been ripped off .	A lot of people were complaining about VIP Auto .
0	Amy returned home rather than wait 2 hours for a new bus .	An angry man informed Amy the bus was broken .
1	Last 4th of July , this neighbor shot off fireworks until midnight .	This loud display went on for three nights , terrifying our dog .
1	Jimmy was doing the dishes .	His cat jumped into the sink all of a sudden .
0	He was trying to spin her around horizontally .	Since Drew was bored , he decided to grab Diana .
0	Sarah decides to go get seafood .	Sarah wants a nice meal for dinner .
1	It was time for Mary to get a flu shot .	She was very scared of needles .
1	He set up his computer and microphones and called all his friends .	Together , they all made a funny podcast that got a lot of views .
1	When he turned 17 , the only car he could afford was yellow .	He saved up more money , he bought blue paint and painted his car .
0	They looked all over the house , but could not find the piece .	After a little while , they realized a piece was missing .
0	He swam between a large rock , and was shocked by what he saw .	Lucas was swimming in the Caribbean Sea .
0	He asked the other guy if he could take it .	One pulled up in between him and another person .
1	The girls looked and saw sharks .	They immediately booked the room again for next year .
0	Mary cooked the chicken rare .	She knew that she liked her steaks rare .
1	One day a woman crashed into the back of his car .	Ray felt in love with the woman that hit his car .
1	She decided to take the cat in .	When she took the cat inside , she gave him some tuna .
1	A lightning bolt had struck her bedroom ceiling .	Jessica yelled and ran from the room .
0	We took down the old poster and put up a new one .	It had twelve photos , one for each month of her first year .
1	Jen climbed all the way up the stairs .	There was a huge water slide at the top .
0	This was gon na be a bad day .	He then realized there was no milk .
1	Recently , it was very cold outside .	Then , it began to rain .
1	However , her students notice that she has bad body odor .	One day they tell her she needs to start wearing deodorant .
1	He walked into the store and asked if he could buy it .	The shop owner said it was not for sale .
0	The executives congratulated Uma on her good work .	Uma corrected the error before anything was published .
0	As soon as he was about to shoot , the ref blew his whistle .	Jack had the ball in his hands .
1	One day , he left his house and saw that a new family moved next door .	He walked over and met a boy named Harry who was his same age .
1	I flushed and it overflowed .	I had to sneak out the window .
1	He sold the ring and used the money to travel to France .	His dream was to see the sewers of Paris .
0	Her parents brought them to see another house .	Gina had already seen one of the homes .
0	Mark had broken his ankle .	He rolled his ankle and screamed .
0	I had a lot of fun .	Yesterday I went to the mall to shop .
1	In addition , the security guards noticed the kid .	They confiscated the knife and arrested him .
1	Soon after drinking the tea , his sore throat subsides .	Larry is happy he has done something about his sore throat .
1	Eliza took the elevator to the 34th floor .	Halfway there , the elevator ground to a halt .
1	Him and a friend covered his other friends house in toilet paper .	Kris thought it was funny .
1	Jeffrey went to the store .	He had to purchase some food for a party .
1	But she did n't want to go .	She went to the bathroom and sat on the counter .
0	She does n't talk to her friend for two months .	Jill resents that her friend got the promotion and not Jill .
0	They decided to try fast food , instead .	They argued until they were kicked out of the store .
1	She decided to run out to the store .	Then , she bought some sandwiches and brought them home .
0	Paul was very impressed with John .	Paul McCartney had attended the show .
1	My friend offered one to me .	I decided to try it .
1	Mary drove to the nearest hair salon .	She asked how much it was for a haircut .
1	Doug was very embarrassed when she changed his tire for him .	He watched closely so he could do it next time .
1	His ideas were not too exciting .	Finally , he thought of something good .
0	He scrutinized his dad 's face as his dad opened the gift .	He was really hoping his dad would like it .
0	It was just the wind blowing the tree branches against the window !	Bravely , he lowered his blanket and looked towards the sound .
0	She dove underwater and searched the pool .	Suddenly she realized that her necklace was gone .
1	Rachel was walking through a hotel with her suitcase .	She was walking along an indoor pond area .
0	We had not seen each other in a long while .	I saw an old friend today .
0	He made recordings of himself rapping in his basement .	Jake wanted to be a famous rapper .
1	Amy had been avoiding her friends all day .	Now she was sitting on the porch enjoying the fall sun .
0	When her brother found out , he was very mad .	She decided to send a prank email to his girlfriend .
0	He decided to clean his room and apologize .	He then felt really bad .
1	All she found were slippers .	She decided to wear a long dress to cover them up .
0	She asked her dad to play with her .	Beth got the game Qwirkle on her birthday .
1	Kelsey was about to go surfing .	She was at a shop trying to find a wetsuit .
0	She followed Ali wherever she went .	She thought about tripping her but teacher were nearby .
1	Randy taunted the player with a soft lob of a pitch .	The player swung hard and missed .
1	It was very sweet that he always wanted to hug us .	But sometimes it was a bit too much .
0	They decided to stay in and order room service and enjoy it .	It was gorgeous .
1	He noticed a wallet under a park bench .	He searched the wallet and found a card with a name and phone number .
1	Two children were eyeing a toy they wanted .	One of them grabbed it .
0	He 'd had a long day at work .	Lou was headed home .
0	She finally had enough saved for a nice vacation .	Amy worked hard to save money for a vacation .
0	In all that time I was unable to check my mail .	I had to wait a week for the snow to melt .
1	He signed up with a website that allowed him to do that .	Two weeks later , he received a package in the mail .
1	While waiting for clothes to be done washing , she went upstairs .	She got distracted and was two minutes late coming back downstairs .
0	After the phone call Amy felt better .	Beth was supportive and helped calm Amy 's nerves .
1	I told her that she still had a nine-o'clock curfew .	And I told her the curfew applied to games as well as people .
0	He caught a few and decided it was time to head in .	John went out on his boat for an afternoon of fishing .
0	He found pork off-putting .	Chancey had never eaten pork .
1	I managed to beat some good players but lost to others .	I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health .
0	He raised his hand .	Tom was thinking of a question to ask .
0	He worked extra shifts at his job to eventually afford a car .	He saved his allowance for several weeks to pay for driving school .
1	Although I did n't study , I decided to take the test .	I ended up failing .
0	But eventually she got the hang of it .	We burned a few cow parts .
1	But there was a terrible ice storm that stranded them midway !	They bought turkey lunch meat and canned potatoes at a grocery store .
0	Deedee found a split level , patio , deck and lovely yard areas .	Deedee had a certain budget to stay in .
1	By his house , a lot of people go cliff jumping .	My friend and I decided to join in on the fun .
0	But they hurt terribly today .	They never really hurt much .
1	I was analyzing some data for my statistics project .	For some reason , the correlation coefficients were wrong .
0	I had to buy a new set of curtains .	Unfortunately , she completely tore them .
1	Finally he finds a venue on the other side of town that is perfect .	Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together .
0	Lily dreaded it when her dad asked her to sit for a haircut .	Lily 's dad saved money by giving his kids haircuts .
1	She needed to figure out how to increase her income .	She needed to catch up on her house payment .
1	Ted loved rodents .	He bought a rat from the pet store .
0	They made up a new game called street ball .	His friends asked if he could play .
1	Tim was playing games with Jeb .	Jeb always won .
0	Then we came upon another truck laying sideways in the road .	There was just enough room to go around and continue on , so we did .
1	She designed everything from houses to boats to spaceships .	Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents .
0	She put up a short fence around her garden to protect it .	Cindy knew there were hungry groundhogs in the area .
0	Betty 's mom was proud that she did n't ask for any help .	She went home to get started on the project .
0	Greg and the dog become best friends !	One day , Greg goes home and finds his mom bought a dog .
1	The student would work the same question type for 4 hours straight .	The student saw their grade average increase .
1	Paul dropped his plate .	The plate broke .
0	I would tell you what it is but you might steal it .	My idea will make the show 's producers a lot of money .
0	During the show , there were games .	Margo was going to the Rocky Horror Picture Show .
1	He knew that he had done well in his life .	When he found out that he had cancer he knew that he would die .
1	On the other side of the street was my friend , also waiting .	I waved at my friend but he did not notice me .
1	He was followed by woman came in with a severed toe .	Finally , the nurse 's ex-boyfriend came in .
0	One day while he was watching the movie Shane the police came .	He turns up the volume so loud that you ca n't hear anything else .
0	The eagle dived down .	He spotted a raccoon dragging a fish from the river .
1	Her mother told her next week she would go back to school .	Sally was so excited to be back with her friends .
1	Harry parked his truck near the park .	When he got back he noticed a scratch on his door .
1	Bob got to college and played soccer .	Bob got scouted and became a professional player !
0	She returned to the house , tired and ready for a long nap .	Pandy chased the rabbit for a long time , but finally had to stop .
1	Rachel was about to eat some pancakes .	She sat at the table with her plate .
1	We brought blankets and snacks outside to the yard .	While we waited for the meteors , we noticed clouds all over the sky .
0	To her Reggie 's dinosaur looked like a bunny .	Ally just could n't see it .
0	Now , they 're best friends .	They got along very well .
1	He lined the sides of the hole with wood to make a room .	Pat used this as his roots cellar for his food .
1	Jen also decided to only drink water .	She started to see changes in her skin tone .
0	She ran away to find peace .	She decided she needed a break .
0	That day he picked her up for the date .	Daniel had a crush on a girl , so he asked her to the movies .
1	Eventually , I understood that it was not plausible that Santa existed .	After getting over it , I was able to enjoy Christmas again !
1	She slept that night covered in the salve .	In the morning , her burn was no longer painful .
0	But their favorite part was stopping at Ben and Jerry 's .	They stopped to see how cheese was made .
0	One day he saw a hungry squirrel .	His mother wanted him to get rid of them .
0	Although inside , the girls still enjoyed the party .	Kelsi immediately took her friends inside .
1	She portioned out the dish into separate , wrapped bowls .	Ronald stopped by and picked her up .
1	Some moths flew out .	She could n't remember when she 'd last opened the oatmeal .
1	Although she loved the cute kittens she did n't have room for them .	Kay placed a flyer on the board at work in the break room .
0	But before his gym class started , it began to rainy .	Rick forgot to bring his gym clothes to school .
1	The factory jack is useless .	He has to call a tow company to change the tire .
1	But she gathered her nerves .	She went to the mall and got her ear pierced .
0	Amy left the store upset with the deception .	The cashier explained online prices are often cheaper .
0	He decided to take some money from his mom 's hidden savings .	Peter really wanted a new bicycle , but did n't have the money .
0	It was a very low-paying position .	Lita worked as a public defender .
0	Her favorite soccer team was playing their rival .	Mia sat at home in her living room watching sports .
1	He was digging through his room when he found a cup .	The cup was full of old moldy milk .
0	He gave his son a stuffed toy to play with on the grass .	Don and his father always went to the park .
1	He named his fish Nemo .	Johnny was feeding Nemo one day and realized that the water was dirty .
0	Jim entered the break room to get his lunch and left .	Sandy was having a conversation in the break room .
0	He went out to play and when he came back there was only six dollars .	James worked very hard and made eight dollars .
1	It was Tim 's turn to kick the ball .	He had been practicing at home for days .
1	Barbara was a photographer who took pictures of sunrises .	Her back hurt so she had trouble getting out of bed .
0	He swaggered on stage swinging his hips with gusto .	He felt humiliated but was determined to make an impression .
0	Charles ' monthly payments were reduced to fifty dollars .	One day he took a call from a telemarketer saying they could help him .
0	He starts a pot of coffee .	John is sleepy .
0	The gravel road was deserted except for roaming animals .	It was Christmas morning and they were going to the next safari lodge .
1	Jamie was about to enter the sixth grade .	Today was her orientation .
1	Mary felt like someone had just broken her heart .	Ever since , Mary hates Thanksgiving and the bad memories of that day .
1	We finished unpacking boxes while it continued to pour .	The next day we woke to a dull roar .
0	The first was a rowdy 7 year old who loved to play basketball .	Matt had taken six different babysitting jobs in one day .
1	Rick saw his first football game when he was five years old .	Since that day , he was dead set on playing football .
0	It looked like a floating stick .	He was swimming when he noticed something in the water .
1	My cat was sleeping in my lap .	The dog ran into the room
0	He is shipped overseas for 1 year .	Joe is in the Army .
1	Terry strutted like a happy puppy and he was very easy to control .	After about an hour , Terry was finally ready to go home and sleep .
0	Eva earned the nickname , `` Cookie . ''	Eva sold more cookies than anyone else in her troop .
0	She is in line for a promotion .	Jll is excited when her boss quits .
0	He would always go to his local stadium and watch them .	Terry enjoyed attending games of his favorite teams .
0	He had to let go or he would never get over it .	Charles felt grief like never before .
0	He went to a new place on the pier .	Mike was starving and went to get seafood by himself .
0	And the large blaze caught the tent on fire !	But she got carried away .
0	We were secretly hoping he would not get it back .	One time he completely lost his voice for two days .
1	We tried fiber gummy bears and miralax .	But nothing would do the trick .
0	After shopping at another store , I found good produce and went home .	I decided to leave and check another store 's produce section .
0	Pete felt left out because he only had pet fish .	Pete 's pals talked about bringing dogs and cats and rabbits .
1	There was an artist named Jacob .	He was trying to become famous .
0	Later , Nancy visited at a friend who had an extra bike .	Nancy was too scared to try again .
0	I walked from the car and did n't look back .	I got out of my car and threw the keys on the ground .
0	He can hear me walk down my stairs and often meets me at the bottom .	Downstairs from me lives a man with an overbearing personality .
0	Mom later asked me how I thought the box was three cookies short .	I sneaked several cookies through that window and gobbled them up .
0	He hid in the bushes to wait for her reaction .	He thought it would be funny to stick it into his neighbor 's mailbox .
0	It 's a tough quest during my lunch hour .	I 've been on a quest to find the most sour .
1	While she was walking it began to snow .	With the chaos of the snow , she ended up lost quickly .
1	At night , his closet light was always turned on .	One night , Harry suddenly feared the space under his bed .
1	Anthony followed them to the Freak-fest .	Anthony found hundreds of black college students partying in a park .
0	One day Jean called her best friend and asked her to lunch .	Jean has n't seen her best friend in two Year 's .
0	They stayed at the zoo all day until it closed .	They went to the zoo as soon as it opened .
0	Nobody recognized it , so he adopted it himself .	He asked his neighbors if they knew the cat .
1	Charlie was excited for his date with Samantha .	His wore his nicest shirt and his favorite cologne .
0	When they lost the World Series , she was pretty upset .	She was really hoping they would win this year .
1	During recess , he ran after her and yelled her name .	During lunch , he tried to sit next to her .
1	He decided to drive home from the bar .	He thought he was sober enough to make it home .
1	But Rosie was getting increasingly nervous as the concert went on .	Finally , when it was time for her solo , Rosie was trembling in fear !
0	He was confident she was hinting that she desired such a birthday .	Dave thought she was sending him a message in code .
1	But he resolved to save every penny of it !	After two months , Liam had enough money to buy the game .
1	However she watered it too much .	The plant died .
1	Rich Cameron wrote an article for the community newspaper .	As the printing machine printed copies new information came in .
0	She offered the seller a lesser amount , and he accepted it !	She did n't have enough money to pay for it , though .
1	Ike tried to hold on , but he was thrown .	He landed on the floor , laughing !
1	It was badly damaged .	Scott 's dad bought him a new one for his birthday .
1	It was their wedding anniversary .	They both had never been to a studio tour .
0	She visited some car dealerships .	Lucy wanted to buy a new car .
0	When the sink was empty she realized it was coated in mold .	After she washed the dishes , she drained the water .
0	She suspected her son had stolen it .	Angie went to get her credit card and could n't find it .
1	He lived with his mom until she died .	He dropped out of college when he was young .
1	Tryouts at her school are soon .	She practiced very hard .
1	She took him to the pet store as a surprise .	He picked out a black kitten with white feet .
1	As she rode her bike she was running over worms .	They were everywhere she looked .
0	Mary did n't have enough money for gifts .	It was Christmas eve .
0	Kim wished she could stay in Bora Bora forever !	The weather was balmy and wonderful .
1	His baby sister was wearing a Batman shirt , but Batman was for boys .	He told his mom that she needed to change the baby into girl clothes .
1	He decided to look at me .	At the same time , he threw a newspaper on the ground .
1	Gina was getting on the highway .	She could see the traffic was barely moving .
0	I told them my phone camera was broken anyway .	At the front door they said we could n't take photos .
1	Johnny took keyboard lessons as a child .	He hated it , and saw it as useless .
0	Then after dinner that night she got a surprise .	She wondered why she had bought them all .
0	I looked in several books and found out there really are purple frogs .	My friends laughed and said that frogs can not be purple .
0	He crawled into bed with us .	This morning his hands were cold .
1	Alas , I was too young to get a job .	I decided to open a lemonade stand .
0	The pie caused my shirt to have a big , blue stain .	I was eating some pie when a piece fell onto my shirt .
0	Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go build a snowman .	It had snowed and there was a beautiful blanket of snow on the ground .
1	As she got further from the house , she heard a faint barking .	The barking got clearer as she got closer to the creek .
0	She still did n't get the part .	It did n't have much of a budget of popularity .
1	Gina needed to clean the ice from her windshield .	But the ice was hard to scrape off .
1	He asked the rescue team if they needed any help .	The man spent the rest of the day helping the rescue team .
1	We watched football for hours and had a great time .	My girlfriend was at work and liked coming home to beer .
0	She went and bought him a training toilet and pull ups .	Donna realized it was finally time to potty train her son .
0	As the dog was walking , it did n't stop anywhere .	Danny tried to make his dog pee outside .
0	She takes two more steps forward , into her mother 's arms .	She lets go of the chair and takes a slow step forward , then another .
0	One small bird was singing so sweetly to Peggy she decided to buy him .	Peggy went to the pet store to look at the little birds .
1	She guessed that her friend Claire was the culprit but was not sure .	To this day , none of her friends have taken credit for this .
0	He got out of the car to investigate .	Manny was driving down the street when he saw a car wreck .
0	I realized that I needed to sign up .	My friends always asked me if I had a facebook account .
0	Still , some people thought she was a poor representative .	She did everything she could to represent her country .
1	Andrea was in the kitchen .	Suddenly , she heard a fall and a cry .
0	After she graduated , she cast about for job prospects .	She had always been a food connoisseur .
1	She tried to fix it by bending it down .	Finally , the sign laid flat and looked normal .
0	It was almost time to return to her classroom .	Gina had been given an hour to work in the school library .
1	He needed to pay bills today , but his money was all gone .	Now he had find a way to make money today !
0	Their two daughters , Emily and Anne-Marie , chose Because of Winn-Dixie	After settling in , the Jackson family went to see a movie .
0	Kim was sad when her mother said they could n't go .	Kim begged her mother to take her to see the movie .
1	He woke up in the morning to find he had strep throat .	Tommy missed his first day of school .
0	She shared pictures of her pie online .	It came out looking perfectly .
1	After he graduated , he became very famous .	Now his friends do n't make fun of him for dancing !
0	He purchased a love potion from an online vendor .	Too shy to ask her out , he sought out alternative means .
0	He began buying individual songs on iTunes and loved it .	Duke hated buying a whole cd for only two songs .
0	Elena did n't approve of what they were doing and told the teacher .	They stole the teachers eraser and started to throw it around .
0	Bob took the box to a charity and donated the shoes .	The shoes were too small , so he put them in a box .
1	My nephew 's wife works in a bank .	One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers .
0	The customer laughed and walked away .	Jeff said that it would cost nine dollars .
1	He finally got the horse under control last week .	Now his job is much easier .
1	When Monday came around Janet woke up to the sound of her phone .	She checked the time and realized she had overslept for her exam !
0	He thought the frozen branches looked like ice sculptures .	Tim was excited when it froze at his home in Texas .
0	He drank the entire cup .	He brewed a cup of his favorite coffee .
0	Ben introduced himself to them , and they were kind and laid back .	That night , his girlfriend drove him to their house .
0	She was very excited and ready to dance .	Kali went to do her first video music video .
1	Nancy was too scared to try again .	Later , Nancy visited at a friend who had an extra bike .
0	At dinner , he popped the question and Liz said no .	While on vacation he was going to propose .
1	Dana said old pictures but she could n't see them .	She went by her mother-in-law 's home and the photos were nude selfies .
1	We had dinner in Brooklyn tonight .	The included my wife , two kids , a grandchild and 3 in laws .
0	He was running and helping his teammates .	Jayson was playing in his first soccer game this season .
0	The kids still wanted to go to the park .	It was raining yet warm
0	He walked into the meeting room and found a seat .	Howard decided to go to a PTA meeting one day .
0	I learned two things , she is twisted and I ca n't eat alfredo anymore .	It 's a guy named Dr Pimple Popper and it is exactly as it sounds .
0	He could n't wait for his first harvest .	Richard took very good care of the tree .
0	Tami went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes .	She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get .
1	Frank spread the wet clothes evenly in the machine .	The machine began running smoothly and quietly .
0	Missy searched everywhere for her , upset .	Somehow , Andrea got separated from her .
1	Matt got the drinks for his very first customers .	Matt slipped on the floor right in front of his table .
0	What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving .	She flew home immediately and began taking care of him .
1	He did not take the pill yet .	Later he called me to ask if he had taken his pill .
0	Sammy spent many months working closely with his father .	The only problem was that Sammy did not know how to run a restaurant .
0	The family sat down to watch TV .	He went to the local store to buy one ticket .
0	I then decided to call repairs .	Unfortunately however , my car broke down .
1	He had fun on the road trip .	He had a memorable vacation at the Grand Canyon .
0	Alas , now I had gained too much weight from the milk .	Eventually , my doctor said my calcium levels were almost normal .
1	William likes to race cars for a living .	When William was young he dreamed of winning Daytona .
0	Someone walked up to her and offered her money .	She went out one evening in a very short and tight dress .
0	It was really cold , and I had forgotten my gloves .	As a child I got lost in the forest behind my house one night .
1	Ed had just received his first paycheck .	But he had no bank account !
0	Bob had fleas .	Tracy 's cat was named Bob .
1	Although she did n't know what was happening , she went to her mom .	They decided to go to the hospital .
0	Then , it stretched out its trunk and grabbed her daddy 's hat !	While they watched , one came very close .
0	But he saw another brand on sale .	He looked at the ground coffee that he usually buys .
1	At the end of the game , Miranda 's team won .	Miranda and her team screamed with joy .
0	I keep hearing weird noises coming from my chair .	During a typical meeting I was sitting in a wooden chair .
1	The weather was balmy and wonderful .	Kim wished she could stay in Bora Bora forever !
0	He could n't free his truck from the mud .	Joey accidentally drove his truck off the road Christmas morning .
1	Christine 's eyesight was starting to become poor .	She did n't want to wear glasses though .
0	Together they returned safely to the shore .	A man with a surfboard reach him and pulled him on .
1	Anthony had been in trouble before , but nothing like this .	The police showed up in an alley where he and some friends exercised .
1	She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground .	She hoped it would look like she was exercising .
0	The youngest son of the family , Chang did not want to serve .	The Lee family had a history of serving in the military .
0	Hannah asks for the check and leaves the date fast .	He is charming but looks nothing like his photos .
0	In the winter they burn a wood stove for heat .	Bill and Lynn are my neighbors to the west .
0	She gave him an ice cream .	When he moved towards the front window , the lady appeared .
1	He wanted to get his brakes replaced .	The mechanic told him it would take one hour .
0	Afterwords , we went to a souvenir shop .	Several stage performers sung for everyone and talked about god 's word
0	Amber cried when she opened the tickets on her birthday .	As Amber cried her mom tried not to laugh .
1	Justin was riding a motorcycle .	Suddenly , a car hit his back wheel .
1	Sara was n't feeling well and had a bit of a fever .	Sarah thought she might have caught the flu , so she went to the doctor .
1	Sean and Sara were playing a board game .	At first , Sean was winning the game .
1	Jake loved jogging .	He went out every morning .
1	He was nervous because he had never traveled so far before .	When he got there , he was met by some friendly people .
1	Allie loved babysitting and playing with children .	But her mom worried that those were n't job skills .
1	She tossed and turned to no avail .	Luna opened the blinds and looked outside .
1	She stayed home from school .	Her mom stayed with her and took her to the doctor .
0	They decided to drive into the city to watch a band perform .	Nick and Tom were best friends .
1	Cole 's parents saw what happened and gave him five more dollars .	Cole went back to the store for more jerky and a soda .
1	She decided to take it into the repair people .	When she took it in , she was worried they could n't fix it .
1	She won VIP passes and she could n't wait .	As soon as the concert started she was in heaven .
0	For her party she wanted everything .	Kelsi was having her sweet sixteen .
1	He was so into it , he kept dancing when the music stopped .	When he finally looked around everyone was staring at him .
1	James knew that it was his fault , but did n't understand his brother .	Why did he always yell at James ?
0	The next morning they read that someone had sabotaged the sculptures .	The artist agreed , and Pat snapped a photograph of her with the ice .
1	I went into the exhibit with Benjamin .	He asked me to marry him , I said No .
1	So his parents told him to never use the microwave .	But one day , Tim decided to microwave pizza .
1	That evening he had a heart attack .	Tyler knows he needs to change his lifestyle .
0	My sister began crying .	I decided to hit her .
0	His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her .	Ben told her he did n't want to .
0	The sand got into my lunch .	The wind started to pick up soon after I arrived .
0	They were the favorite food of my friend Mack .	If you 've eaten them you know they are rather tasty .
1	She saw a piece of paper on the floor .	She realized that it was a pass to get out of class .
1	It was a murder mystery .	I liked the book so much I bought another one in the series .
1	Amanda was cleaning out her hallway closet .	She noticed something in the back of the closet .
1	Dan built a pretty birdhouse to put in his backyard .	The next day there were many birds eating at his birdhouse .
1	With the long marriage came extensive bickering .	Their family could hardly stand it .
0	Time ran off into class excited .	They had n't been separated this long .
0	We played better in overtime than we did in regulation .	Last week my basketball game went into overtime .
1	Rory really wanted a new bracelet .	Unfortunately , the one she wanted was too expensive .
1	Sam purchased a new fridge and had it delivered .	Sam restocked his new fridge with all his favorite food .
1	Today I built a fort with my Dad .	We started out with sticks and blankets .
0	He was rewarded for his good behavior .	Donald decided to stop yelling .
1	I had to go to school .	I packed my backpack and realized my pencil was gone .
1	Katie was really looking forward to her birthday .	More than anything , she wanted a CD player as a present .
0	Thankfully i got medicine for it .	It was big and red .
0	Neither could decide on what to watch .	They decided to have a movie night .
1	He spent the next month collecting cans .	He turned the cans in for cash .
0	She invited her friends to eat but nobody was available .	Jen wanted to grab a quick lunch .
0	At first we considered inviting all of our friends and family .	My fiancee and I are planning our wedding for this coming spring .
0	He kept petting her because it made her stop whimpering .	She wagged her tail happily and started to lick his hand .
0	They took a trip to the nursery to buy the plants they needed .	The Bonds were ready to plant this year 's vegetable garden .
0	One day she got sick and we took her to the hospital .	My sister was my best friend .
1	They decided to visit the Statue of Liberty on Ellis Island .	Kim and her friend wanted to have lunch and then catch a ferry .
0	I kept imagining what I would do with a new title and salary !	I was very excited and knew my work with the company was stellar .
0	Bella 's mom took her to the park after breakfast .	She woke up at 7AM this morning and was full of energy .
1	His wisdom settled disputes and caused peace all around him .	People often asked how to also become wise .
1	We went camping and fishing for two weeks .	We had a great time .
0	She ended up getting a fingerprint lock .	Because of this she decided to get a lock .
0	His girlfriend called the police and Charles was arresting .	Charles chased them in his car .
1	Alan was so thirsty .	He had no soda or juice !
1	The woman woke up .	She was in a hospital .
0	Erin left to the store to buy a fan .	It was a hot day in summer and Erin was feeling warm .
0	Luckily , the driver came out of the lake safely .	The car could n't move since it was in the water .
1	The girl was shy but introduced herself to Eva .	She and Eva played all during recess .
0	After several minutes , the water was still clear .	I placed my bait in the water .
0	She did n't know where to throw up .	Suddenly , she began to feel sick .
1	Jay was always shy around Linda .	One day Linda asked Jay for a pencil .
0	Joshua had to decide between stealing them and switching majors .	He knew that a similar amount would be expected in future quarters .
1	Every day , he consulted his daily schedule .	Gradually he found himself less rushed and more organized .
0	Two boys had knocked all my books out of my arms in the hallway .	This the story of how I met my wife .
1	But her mom talked her into going .	Kate went and ended up having a wonderful time !
1	But , she was in poor shape .	Lisa decided to train so she could join the team .
1	He gave the clerk the suit and asked when to pick it up .	The clerk said in three hours .
1	Jack froze and hoped the dog would keep walking .	The dog turned and ran straight at Jack .
1	She acknowledged a few people .	Then she took a bow and went to her seat .
0	He cleaned the entire apartment and felt much better afterwards .	He knew he needed a change .
0	Her friend suggested Batman .	Kelly decided she wanted to go on a rollercoaster .
0	My girlfriend ate the last eggs we had .	I wanted to make scrambled eggs for breakfast .
0	I decided to get a new car .	I was tired of fixing it all the time .
1	He usually did not win , but he still hoped .	He scratched the ticket eagerly .
0	She could n't reach the stone without going under water .	As Nell waded in the lake , she saw a beautiful stone on the bottom .
1	She saw other kids playing and longed to join them .	She asked them if she could play alongside them .
0	Her pipes froze too .	My aunt 's power got knocked out .
1	On the way home , her and her husband were nervous .	They walked into their house and were even scared to drop her .
0	He told them they could marry her , if they loved her that much .	He finally had enough .
1	She waited till her mom walked away .	Amy hid the candy in her shirt and ran upstairs .
1	Gil was an inattentive driver .	He would continuously check his phone messages while driving .
1	Geoff always has problems with his feet .	He cuts his nails too short when he trims his toenails .
1	For Christmas , Rodger got a gift card .	It was going to expire soon .
0	She vowed never to let him do laundry again .	The next day she realized all the clothes he washed were now pink .
1	Paul was into this girl , and she made him a tray of sushi .	Even though he did n't like it , he ate it for the girl .
1	He even took extra classes when he could .	Casey was able to earn his black belt right before summer break .
1	Her first choice did n't accept her .	Heartbroken , Nova decided to keep faith in her other choices .
1	He started feeling strange .	He was currently in the car .
0	He sold the game to his friend Alex .	Rob played the game for an hour before getting bored .
0	But she knew he loved adventure and had always wanted to go skydiving .	He already had everything she could think of .
1	Abby and her friends got together in the room and watched a movie .	The concierge then brought the cake upstairs for the girls to enjoy .
1	Lane relied on a portable air conditioning unit .	He lived in a hot climate and the summers were brutal .
1	But her brother was on the phone .	He only stared at her when she tried to find out when he would finish .
1	Lisa wanted to buy a pizza .	She took it home and looked in the box .
1	She also has plenty of boots .	She still wants to buy more sandals .
0	Until it started to hail , then it really hurt Tyler , so he ran home .	Tyler liked the rain so he decided it could n't hurt .
0	The customer received his food within several minutes and ate it .	Since the customer requested medium rare beef , it was n't cooked much .
0	Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone .	It was supposed to arrive in a few days .
0	He complained to the ref but was ignored .	One day he was fouled really hard .
1	She answered an ad that wanted a babysitter .	She headed over to the house and met the parents as well as the kid .
0	But he got a flat tire .	While his parents were away , he drove the family car .
1	The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it .	At the end of the transaction , Kevin spent about $ 50 .
0	She asked him to take pictures of her walking on the beach .	Charles had a crush on Marlene , a girl from class .
0	They settled in New Hampshire and lived there for twenty years .	They hated it so they moved again to New Hampshire .
1	As it entered it , she realized what was going on .	It had found a safe home of sorts before time ran out .
0	John now possesses his grandfather 's ring .	His grandfather 's possessions would be passed on to the grandchildren .
1	John was a very wealthy man .	He lived in a nice loft downtown .
0	She hit her head a few times .	She practiced every day outside .
0	I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles .	To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal .
1	Her teacher called her aside and said he wanted Irene to sing a solo .	Irene was thrilled but nervous , and she practiced for days .
1	The movie was terrifying !	Kai and his mom both had a great time !
1	When it arrived Alex 's mom was furious .	His dad made the final decision to allow him to keep the Nintendo .
0	Ally had to call out of work that day .	She called a plowing service but there were none available .
1	In the hospital , Marge thought she had missed out on love .	Then , a delivery man came with flowers from the widower .
1	Jim went to the beach .	He put his wallet in his swim trunks .
1	They had great gourmet dinners there .	They also played bingo one night .
0	Before he knew it Leroy 's paycheck was gone .	Then he paid for some necessities .
0	Trevor sat down by the lake and threw out a fishing line .	Trevor went to the lake one day to fish .
0	Mary pulled her friend out of the water .	Mary 's friend fell into the water .
0	While she was doing the show , they bossed her around a lot .	Joanie was casted for a reality show .
1	He built every house out of concrete and everyone liked wood .	A tornado went through the town and destroyed all the wood houses .
1	He went to the pharmacy to get some cold medicine .	There was a lot to choose from and he was unsure .
1	Bill was happy that John asked him out and so he agreed .	Bill and John went on their first date and it was fantastic .
0	I threw the shirt in the washer with other clothes and some bleach .	I wanted to wear the shirt to school the next day .
1	She was not happy to have to pay $ 3 for parking .	In the store everything was more expensive than the store by her home .
1	My connections thought I got a fancy new job .	I told them mTurk workers do not get paid much .
1	The next morning she fixed a cup of coffee and headed to the interview .	The interviewer was an old friend from college .
1	They slipped through the elevator into the shaft .	We called maintenance .
0	She understood because she thought that I was mad at her .	However , I told her what happened during the day I was mad .
1	He got on his computer and looked it up on the Internet .	Eli sat there with his mouth open , stunned .
1	John spent three hours more , shining the boots .	John vowed never to disappoint his supervisor again .
0	It has been a mild spring so they were able to still dig .	We waited to make sure the weather would hold out .
0	Jon wept openly , swearing to never commit a crime again .	She told him he was going to be a father !
1	She found herself wasting too much time watching reality tv .	Tia decided that she would join a gym .
1	Pam won several rounds of bingo .	Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo .
0	Eventually he made it through and got to his destination .	Sam was scared and drove slowly .
0	They traveled down a complex path .	They had fun seeing many sights .
1	He walked through town and handed out matches to all the kids he saw .	Be the time he got back to the station there were 3 calls about fires .
0	When I tasted it it tasted bad .	I went to taste it .
1	Miranda had a craving for something salty .	She tried to eat some chips but she still craved something .
0	He practiced sculpture with diligence and patience .	He decided to learn to sculpt at university .
0	The people at the party did not believe him .	Jim said that he could fit a box of cookies in his mouth at a party .
1	Nate was working on a batch of low paying tasks .	After a while , he came across a CAPTCHA .
1	One day a friend asked to buy one for a party for her sister .	Jen sold her one of her chocolate strawberry cakes .
1	The fire department got things under control in a few hours .	Thankfully the only thing that burned was grass .
1	Kim left her house to go to the pool .	She met up with some close friends .
1	Lin takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt .	They have bouncy houses and free donuts .
0	She was finishing her routine in an upcoming competition with a giant .	She practiced diligently to learn how to do a giant on the bars .
1	Karl was arrested for vandalism and fighting .	He was sentenced to anger management classes .
1	She tried to sit quietly and read .	But the librarian saw her , and sent her on her way .
0	The impact caused a tree to fall right on top of the car .	This caused his car to slide clear off of the road and into a ditch .
0	The moving truck pulled up with all their old stuff .	The Miller family bought a new house .
1	After waiting for hours , they finally arrived .	But by then , the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal .
1	There was so much information to learn !	Neil found Sicily very educational .
1	Two friends were talking to each other on the phone .	One friend fumbled a word as he tried to pronounce it .
1	Jake was riding his skateboard outside .	He was trying to grind a rail in the park .
1	He told his landlord that he 'll paint the house in exchange for rent .	Kyle went out to get paint and brushes at the hardware store .
1	Well , one of these girls asked if she could come over and meet us .	When she arrived , we realized it was my roommate 's sister !
0	Or , she could go to Wal-Mart , which provides lower prices .	She could go to Food Lion , which provides very fast service .
0	Derek became a park ranger at a cave system .	He particularly liked caves with gemstones in the walls .
1	He had a nightmare about the movie .	Jim never watched scary movies again .
0	Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night .	The next morning , he saw sign for a lost cat , including a reward .
1	To pick out pizza toppings .	I prefer to have fresh veggies on my pizza .
0	She spun her globe to pick where to go .	Sharon had some money saved to take a vacation .
0	John caught the ball !	One of the baseball players hit the ball straight at them .
1	Monica lost her cat last week .	She had been looking for it all over the neighborhood .
0	Carrie was super excited .	The new Windows phone was coming out .
1	He called in sick .	He ran into his boss at the movies .
0	The finch was so flustered he could barely hold his bowels .	A Porsche failed to slow down and nearly hit the finch .
1	Sue was home all day with their two small children .	She finally told Ted she felt trapped without a car all day .
1	He was older and taught her to play , but she wanted to win once .	Clara decided to practice Chess on the computer every day .
0	His friend insisted he go to the cafe and try some .	Bob had never tried coffee .
0	Ike , resolute , went to the school with his head held high .	But he knew his mom could n't afford a haircut on her tight salary .
0	Fortunately they were reunited after he won the case .	He had to fight in court to get his dog back .
1	Lily tried to bake a cake for her son .	She wanted to shape it like a dinosaur .
0	His neighbors complained that the lights were too bright at night .	Jay added lights to his and painted it bright red .
1	He would walk the dogs and play with them .	Ben felt so good about helping out !
0	She began to panic .	Suddenly she realized how little time she had .
1	A few days later , Mike did not get any calls and began to worry .	After months , Mike decided that he could not find a job in his city .
1	Timothy studies his notes from class .	Timothy stays up all night studying .
0	Lola was trying to remember who he was .	They all noticed a familiar looking man across the room .
1	The other kids refused Gavin 's offer and challenged them .	Gavin 's team won and defended their right to the court .
1	Greg went out to take a walk	He went to the grocery store .
0	She hires a coach to help her begin the process .	Jessica takes up running in order to lose some weight .
1	The bouncer would n't let him in .	Jimmy and the bouncer got into an argument .
1	He would hold each of us in each arm .	One day he let me go a little too soon .
0	She was awaiting him getting out soon .	Drita 's husband was locked up in jail .
0	Her boyfriend said he never bought her a pizza .	Marcy called her boyfriend and thanked him .
1	There , she laid out and tanned .	Then she dipped in the water .
0	They played in the water , despite dark clouds approaching .	Jeff brought his kids to the beach one morning .
1	Mr Adams had to buy gifts for his son .	He was n't sure what to get .
0	She met up with some close friends .	Kim left her house to go to the pool .
0	As I neared the bottom I closed my eyes as I hit a stone bridge .	As I neared the bottom I realized my brakes no longer worked .
0	The only problem was her mother was no longer napping .	After making a copy she needed to put the key back .
1	Billy 's car broke down on the highway .	He looked under the hood and realized his starter was broken .
0	They were able to kiss and makeup .	He bought her a bouquet of roses .
0	At the end of the day , everyone was very tired .	All of their friends and family came to celebrate with him .
1	When Kelly go home from school she smelled something bad .	She went upstairs and realized her parents were painting the room .
1	Her frightened mother screamed .	She hollered and yelled at Gina for bringing a dog into the house .
1	Doug wanted a surf and turf dinner .	He did not have the money for a fancy dinner .
1	Our plan is to sell it in about four Year 's .	We will have a baby or two and want a bigger house .
0	To her dismay , her cake was burning .	She had to finished the meals for a few more minutes .
0	She panicked and called her electric company .	Jordan woke up to her electricity shutting off .
0	When she opened it , a cat jumped out .	She stepped outside and headed towards the garbage bin .
1	She stormed out of the house and drove away .	After a few hours , I began to get concerned .
0	As a result , no one sat in the open seat .	The tired man had too much pride to take the seat .
0	There mother heard and came into the room to stop them .	The two kids began fighting .
1	Angel was sitting at her computer desk when her eyes started to hurt .	She took off her glasses , which made them feel better .
1	Bob told a lie to his boss .	Bob 's boss found out and fired bob .
1	They prepared Charles for his interview with Honda .	Charles interviewed with Honda in an empty call center .
0	Mari wanted to go see the baby panda .	The panda had just had a little baby .
0	Her brother thought it would be funny to prank her .	Missy was at a fourth of July party .
0	Gina walked over to see what the sign said .	At the end of the walkway was an orange construction sign .
0	The snowstorm was severe and intimidating .	Soon the wind and snow was raging !
1	Julia 's parents had just put out the Christmas decorations .	Her favorite was the advent calendar .
0	Tim is paying Tina 's lawyer to help her retain custody .	The father of the child is fighting for custody .
0	He stretched it across his fingers like a gun .	A boy in class found a rubber band on the floor .
1	He invited his family over for a native Italian dinner .	They were eager to see what he would cook them .
1	Donna realized it was finally time to potty train her son .	She went and bought him a training toilet and pull ups .
1	Eventually , Gary challenged his dad to a game of 1 on 1 .	His dad was shocked how much better Gary got !
0	She decided to wear a long dress to cover them up .	All she found were slippers .
1	He was struggling to pay his rent on time .	Matt went to his local government assistance office .
1	Lane finally met with one that seemed like a good fit .	Soon Lane was playing with the band and loving it .
1	He trained real hard for six months .	He also ate extremely well and got plenty of sleep .
0	He barely got any sleep last night .	James had trouble getting out of bed .
1	I used to be my teacher 's pet in the third grade .	I liked when she asked me to mark the attendance .
0	He wanted to make some stew .	Lucas was cutting up onions .
0	She stacked them in piles and stomped on them as hard as she could .	She printed out all the financial reports .
0	She shot her dad in the chest .	Jane misfired accidentally .
0	After the waters went down there was nothing left .	The rescue crews works all day and night to save people .
0	Maddy took a big swig of her friend 's coffee .	Maddy had never tried coffee before .
1	For 40 Years Janice has been afraid of swimming .	Her friends and family encourage her to go to the beach .
0	He now rides with a smile every single day .	So he drove his truck down and bought it with cash .
0	He accidentally washed his clothes on hot .	Bob was doing the laundry .
1	Jack began dating Elizabeth .	Jack proposed to Elizabeth 6 months later .
0	James became more and more afraid of his government .	And he had trouble sleeping .
0	Kayla had to call a tow company to remove it !	Kayla 's car struck a large tree .
0	Soon he was a very talented pianist !	He studied the music daily .
1	Lauren has just moved into a new home .	Her living room is completely empty .
1	We got to explore many of the country 's natural wonders .	We ended our trip back in Jersey
1	His mother had told him not to play around with the phone .	While his mother had gone into the backyard , Tim picked up the phone .
1	He thought deeply about how and why his tastes changed .	He realized he enjoyed more complex music in his adulthood .
0	Alex sees a great opportunity with a convention in town .	When Alex 's parents go away for the weekend they put him in charge .
0	He could n't find a job that would meet his demands .	He looked online for more job opportunities .
0	Dan decides that he is going to plan a quick weekend trip .	Dan misses his hometown of Denver .
1	Joe decided to order a pizza .	He wanted to be different , so he ordered one with pineapple .
0	But he is failing in school .	Tim is the star quarterback at Notre Dame .
0	When she went to the salon it was a pain .	It was for her hair .
1	He wished he had more friends , but his classmates were aloof .	Then one day his teacher made an announcement .
0	Her family shouted out what they wanted while she was on the phone .	She glanced through the take out ads and settled on pizza .
0	She slid the baby carrier into the bathroom .	One day , she needed a shower when no one was there to watch her baby .
1	Kim and Beth had tickets for a tour at NBC studios .	They could see the studio from down the street .
1	Julia carefully followed the instructions from her cookbook .	However she was very indecisive about the toppings .
1	On the next pitch , Billy connected and hit a homerun !	His team won and they all cheered for Billy !
1	The Wilsons got together every year to decorate the Christmas tree .	This year , Pa Wilson bought a huge 9 foot tree .
0	There , she saw all of the most famous sites .	She went to Paris .
1	He fantasized about how grateful she would be for his protection .	The only snag was , she did n't know she had it .
1	They had fun seeing many sights .	They traveled down a complex path .
1	The cane got stuck in a crack and the man fell .	The fall caused the man to land on his shoulder .
0	In the middle of the movie we were watching I went in for a kiss .	I had been crushing on the girl for months .
1	Sam loved to go to the cabin .	His family went there every summer .
0	They all stayed in stables behind his house .	John had three horses .
0	For Years she saw her friends getting married and having kids .	Florence has always dreamed of being a mother .
0	He thought the water felt very pleasant and reached for the shampoo .	Cal was half-awake as he went into his shower .
0	They had a great time on all the rides at Disney World .	One year Universal was closed for renovations , so they went to Disney .
0	One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car .	Mike was a procrastinator .
1	Cara woke up extra early today .	She was excited about going to Six Flags .
0	When he listened to the recording it was all pretty good .	His arm got tired so he held it lower after a while .
1	Cruz was allergic to many things .	He was tired of having to be so cautious because of his allergies .
1	And today he had finally come back .	Gina was secretly hopeful this was the day they were going back home .
1	LeTosh was about to be in a reality show .	She was so nervous and uneasy .
0	Unfortunately Sue and her husband could n't agree on a name .	She was very excited and wanted to pick a nice name .
1	She carried it with her everywhere .	The jug really helped Sam increase her water intake !
1	They lost almost everything , but found the plastic case undamaged .	The tarantula was nowhere to be found after the fire .
1	Marie felt something scurry over her feet .	Marie picked up her feet and started to scream .
0	The next day comes and she gets picked to go first .	She could n't even sleep that night because of it .
1	Gina wanted to do something about this .	So she started trying to socialize her dog more with others .
1	Papa sat down and let the kids choose which one they wanted .	The kids each wanted a different cat .
1	Including a pet bird Tim had .	One day the bird started to fight back .
1	His dog swam in the pond to retrieve the ball .	Afterwards , Bob had to dry his dog with a towel .
1	The owner of the farm introduced us to one of his horses .	He allowed me to climb on top of the zebra .
1	He waited patiently as the system updated .	He carefully customized his vehicle .
0	Michael did n't care and persisted with his studies .	His father told him that there is not much money in that career .
0	We spent the majority of our childhood together .	One friend was the closest , we talked all the time .
1	One of the toys broke the television .	His mother made him sit in time out .
1	Lucy was a teenager who never found time to spend with her family .	She would rather go to the mall or movies with her friends .
0	When they rose in value , she became rich .	Alex invested all her money into ruby stocks .
0	It landed on the road before me , I had to drive over it .	I suddenly see this random shirt flying in my direction .
1	Arin was driving his new motorcycle	He was really having a lot of fun on his new bike .
0	She spread a blanket on the tar roof and nodded off .	Jo went up to the rooftop to work on her tan .
0	Then the HIT guided me to write a story .	I completed a qualification to do the HIT .
1	My friends invited me to the dance club .	I decided to go .
0	Her daughter loved the zoo .	They walked around each exhibit .
0	Many of the family were surprised to see him as he had been missing .	One Christmas , their cousin arrived unexpectedly .
0	I hated getting a flat tire .	I did it in the rain and often in the snow .
1	His girlfriend Suzy knows this .	She buys him a bag of gummy worms .
1	She wondered what to feed it .	She read online that they ate mealworms .
0	They were black and glossy .	Tim got a new set of boots .
0	She decided to give her friend an ultimatum .	Kelly was upset that she was n't invited to one of the shows .
1	But for some reason it the microwave would n't start .	It was Max 's worst nightmare , the microwave was broken .
0	Their child was a toddler .	Tom and Susan had one child .
0	Her doll had just lost an arm !	Bay was upset .
1	The temperature got cold .	Leaves started to die .
1	I downloaded the app and now I listen to books non stop .	At the gym , at work , driving , or cleaning at home I 'm going listening .
0	He had tried different methods of remembering them .	Leon always had trouble remembering important dates .
1	I took my sons to their first concert .	We had great seats down front in the second row
0	Candy 's feelings were hurt by what her crush did .	Dan , however , showed the note to all his friends .
0	He could hear the walls and the floor creak .	It was extremely frightening for him
1	But she was a terrible spendthrift and could n't save a dime .	Then she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends .
0	I did so well that I was able to pay for a car and start a real route .	She said that for every block I did she 'd pay me half her rate .
1	This baby was very cute , but had a problem .	This baby cried nonstop .
1	Everyone had a great time especially dad .	We go to the ball game once a month now .
1	I took my brothers hand and walked to the car .	I got in after him and we then waited for the adventure to come .
1	I hate police because they kill young people .	I checked the newspapers and another young person was killed .
1	Paul dreamed of seeing the ocean .	He spent his whole life in Arizona .
0	None of the other children would let Nick sit with them .	He was looking for someone to sit with at lunch .
0	She wanted to help even though she lived far away .	Stacy felt horrible for her mom .
0	He wrapped his kids up in wrapping paper with bows on their heads .	He wanted to play a fun trick on her .
0	Then she realized one of her earrings was missing its match .	She gathered the jewelry and put it away .
0	During the first week , the rain flooded the basement .	For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily .
0	After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own .	Tim would not give up and got back on the bike .
1	When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe .	He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor .
0	He wo n't come out until the storms pass .	He whimpers and hides in his cage .
0	I yelled and my dog barked at the bear .	The bear scared my dog and I .
1	Brian always wanted to serve his country .	His family wanted him to go to college .
0	However , he soon ran out .	He sold lots of hats all day .
0	I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread .	I first buttered the bread and started the griddle .
0	Next , I drafted a new resume .	The first two days I searched online for openings .
1	She trained for nine months .	She woke up at five every morning to run six miles .
1	Paul was the head chef at a restaurant .	His cooks were n't making the recipes like they were supposed to be .
1	Megan grabbed her tools from her locker .	She was excited about what the day might hold .
0	I immediately ran after her to redirect her .	Before I was about to leave , she was about to run into a glass window .
0	The first day , the class spent hours drawing primitive shapes .	So he took a beginning drawing class at his local college .
0	She picked up a penny she saw on the ground .	She was thinking about him as she walked down the sidewalk .
0	But her mother forced her to go .	Lara was afraid of going .
0	He took the car through the carwash but scraped the side of the door .	Dave decided he would wash his dad 's car that weekend .
0	I took zinc supplements for three months but they had no effect .	He told me to take zinc supplements .
0	Kenny 's mouse 's batteries died at an inopportune time .	Shane and Kenny were playing a competitive game .
0	I ended up failing .	Although I did n't study , I decided to take the test .
0	She has been going to the gym to lose weight .	Rhonda has been ready to take a beach vacation for months .
0	Tina 's Christmas was ruined .	Unfortunately someone broke into her house and stole all her money .
1	She had to buy another , but then found out she had no money left .	Luna decided to walk to school instead .
1	She looked online and saw a tutorial to make a pond with an old tire .	Wanda followed the guide and happily enjoyed her new pond .
1	Melvin did not have electricity where he lived .	Candles were used to illuminate the dark .
1	It was about his favorite character and it made sounds .	Unfortunately , it did n't have a battery in it .
1	Amy rushed home to get her report card from the mail .	To her delight she had an A in every class .
0	Kelly then went to speak to someone about her issues .	Her parents assured her it would be okay .
1	I went to the local shoe shop .	I tried on several different pairs .
1	She was eager to learn how to skate .	She strapped the skates on .
0	My friends and I love playing music together .	I rocked so hard and had so much fun .
0	We talked about what to do for fun during the week .	I flew to Boise to go see him .
0	I decided to ride my bike to the grocery store .	I was hungry and there was n't much food in the house .
0	Jim eventually found it but it was destroyed .	A strong gust of wind blew the phone off .
1	They had n't been separated this long .	Time ran off into class excited .
1	Jim was a very quiet boy .	But one day another student mocked him on the playground .
0	She asked my siblings and I if any of us caused the pile .	My mom saw several dishes in the sink .
1	Carol loved to bake cakes .	She often gave cakes away to friends .
1	My car stopped on the highway , as my car had ran out of gas !	I had to wait 30 minutes , in the dark for my roadside assistance .
1	They became my best friends .	I realized that prison was actually fun !
0	Unfortunately , a bear broke through its cage and ran away .	As a result , I had the opportunity to see various animals .
1	A woman who was afraid of snakes saw one outside her house .	She ran and grabbed some gas and coated the snake .
0	But they had no regrets .	It was so spicy that they cried through the whole meal .
1	Suzy went for a walk .	As she was walking she ran into her neighbor Tom .
1	Morgan was the king of his country .	His brother Sean was very jealous of his crown .
0	He was scooting along the couch .	The baby was trying to learn to walk .
1	I decided to leave and check another store 's produce section .	After shopping at another store , I found good produce and went home .
1	The teacher spun crazy tales before getting down to work .	Word got back to the principal about the teacher 's method .
1	The old man looked at a map and picked a destination .	The old man went on vacation to his destination .
0	He tried to hunch over to make himself look smaller .	Paul did not like being looked at like a freak .
1	When he showed his cards , Jake started hitting him with a wooden slat .	Jake only stopped when his mom yelled at him .
0	In 1997 it celebrated the centennial of subway service .	I work for a transit authority in Boston .
0	After long thought , she found the perfect compromise .	But Kay was abashed , and she said she was much too shy !
0	It rained and Jim tried to cover the bag .	Jim put all his things in a paper bag and left the house .
0	The doctor came to her room .	The nurse called for her doctor .
0	Her living room is completely empty .	Lauren has just moved into a new home .
1	Bob was starting the year at a new school .	He did not know anyone in his class .
1	They stood at the edge of the lake and yelled `` Hello ! ''	As they waited , they heard an echo come back to them , saying `` Hello ! ''
0	Fred was disappointed .	Fred took him home but his parents made him put it back .
1	Sally decided to stay at the restaurant and enjoy herself .	She met a lot of cool people and was glad her date never showed up .
1	The wind began to blow .	Bill 's pot was blown right off his burner .
1	She showed Beth the one she had instead .	Beth told Amy the one she had was better than the one she wanted .
1	She flew home immediately and began taking care of him .	What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving .
1	A whale breached the surface right in front of us .	She snuggled close into me as we gasped in wonder and amazement .
1	Beth received an online message from a friend .	The message contained a link to a video .
1	He knew he needed a change .	He cleaned the entire apartment and felt much better afterwards .
0	Gina did n't think the street was in bad shape .	A major street near Gina 's home was closing for repairs .
1	I was very excited and knew my work with the company was stellar .	I kept imagining what I would do with a new title and salary !
1	Howie drives to pick up the pizza .	Howie eats the pizza in his car .
1	The tutor came on a monday afternoon and sat down with Melanie .	After an hour of work , Melanie started to understand the problems .
1	On the way there she had to go on a small plane .	She was very scared to do so .
0	She was so happy that she signed up for three more classes !	She has already become a much better and more diverse cooker .
1	Every time , his work was rejected .	He decided to try one last time to get published .
0	The cat gave birth to 3 healthy kittens at her house .	She took the cat to her home to take care of it .
0	But the traffic below made her think twice .	She was getting on the highway to go home .
1	They spent the morning arguing .	Their mother made them go outside .
0	They made Susie captain of the brand new cheer squad !	Her school noticed her efforts .
1	Burt was in charge of fireworks for the town fair .	He was nervous because it was his first time .
1	He was still scared of the dark and did n't want his dad to do it .	Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company .
1	The sled quickly picked up speed as it glided down the hill .	Kelly laughed all the way to the bottom .
1	Tim worked as a valet .	Tim and his friends would race each other on foot to retrieve a car .
1	When she got to the store , the blue dress was sold out .	They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it 's place .
0	However , nobody seemed to want to buy his onions .	He opened up a stall out in front of his house with the jars .
1	She tried cutting herself to get attention .	It hurt too much and she gave up , though .
1	He lover playing with it .	He wanted a real one , however .
0	As a result , I never brush my hair .	I feel it takes to much time .
1	She went in shaking .	Luckily when she walked out she got the job .
0	However , the passport agency shipped Rob 's passport way too late .	Rob paid the passport agency a lot of money to have it delivered fast .
0	Things became a lot easier to handle when costs were split in half .	She asked her friend to move in with her and her friend agreed .
1	Chuck decides to go to the doctor .	The doctor gives Chuck some medicine .
1	I saw a commercial for a playstation 4 and wanted one badly .	I looked at my bank account and I had enough money .
0	James practiced every day and fell many times .	James had wanted one ever since his big brother started skateboarding .
0	Then , they waited outside .	She followed the procedure along with her classmates .
1	He decides he needs to buy something warmer to wear .	He sees a terrific winter cap at a local shop .
1	Tim had a fear of needles .	He decided to confront it by donating blood .
0	She was so nervous and uneasy .	LeTosh was about to be in a reality show .
0	He still mows lawns and can always buy the next game !	He bought the game that he wanted and saved the rest of the money .
1	I was confused because it was dark outside .	I soon realized the battery in my watch died .
1	As she was driving home , she got caught in a flood .	Sophie tried to drive through .
1	The hammer fell and tom stumbled .	He fell off the ladder into a pile of snow .
0	He was unsure about it .	Lance bought a new lamp .
0	He wanted to go out to play .	The puppy scratched at the door .
0	Billy tripped and flew onto the pavement .	He did n't tie his shoes one day .
0	These monkeys were very smart and people loved to watch them .	When the monkey grew up , he sired a family of his own .
0	Finally Horace decides to look for a new place .	He knows he is living beyond his means , but he does n't want to move .
0	The children went on their way , and learned not to hurt animals .	Kenny intervened , and made the children stop hurting the animal .
0	Jake lost balance and fell .	They all started running down .
1	Hallie decided , that maybe a trip to Miami would lift her spirits .	As Hallie arrived , she was greeted by her family and friends .
0	They frequently took trips to be by her mother 's side .	Jake helped his girlfriend deal with her dying mother .
0	His had broken the night before .	Clark needed to buy some headphones .
0	They started talking every day .	Angie met a guy named Matt .
0	He decided to talk to her .	Jon liked a girl .
1	Bill woke up early to go to work .	He put on his clothes and drove to the office .
1	Martha picked up a pizza at the store .	She put it in the oven when she got home .
1	But Peter was very cute and popular .	Anna feared her was far out of her league .
0	He was nervous , but decided to follow an old family recipe .	Tim has never cooked for his family .
0	There was a loud crack .	All of a sudden a bolt of lightning hit a tree about 50 yards away .
0	She was so excited to be on the show .	When Kelly came back she realized she won .
1	When they attacked the child , he was the only one surprised .	He often gently dusts their ash canisters in somber reflection .
0	He presented his mother with a box of taffy he had made just for her .	He worked at it until he was a master taffy puller .
1	Bob researched on the Internet for many days .	A post told him to disable one of the problematic system daemons .
1	But she was enjoying being cooler than her friends .	Her friend Tami stayed by her side for recess .
1	Her mother grounded her to her room .	Her siblings found out why she was in trouble .
1	He showed up for the interview .	He was so nervous he forgot his resume in the car .
0	On the day of the date , he picked her up at 7:00 PM .	He made reservations at a nice restaurant .
0	I have not seen anymore roaches .	The bombs went off .
0	They brought them home from the hospital .	Josh and Marie just had twins .
1	Rick grabbed hold of the leash and set off to find the owner .	In the end Rick found the grateful owner and all was well .
1	My grandpa took me to the museum one weekend , just him and I .	I was excited to see the exhibits , and planned on being there all day .
0	She went upstairs and realized her parents were painting the room .	When Kelly go home from school she smelled something bad .
1	They wanted to take the new hiking trail to the river .	After hiking a short distance they noticed that the trail stopped .
1	We also went for a hayride through the woods .	We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin .
0	Bailey was really embarrassed .	During a scene she fell in front of everybody .
1	Bay was upset .	Her doll had just lost an arm !
0	Once he got out on stage , he flourished .	He was very nervous backstage , reviewing his prepared jokes .
0	It was the most caffeine she had ever had in a day .	Amy had drank a cup of coffee and 2 Red Bulls in one day .
0	It felt really good warming up their hands .	When they went inside , Billy 's mom had hot cocoa for them .
0	He felt sad when the day was over .	And he enjoyed taking care of animals .
1	Elizabeth likes to read novels .	Her apartment has very dim lights that are not good for reading .
1	The cashier explained online prices are often cheaper .	Amy left the store upset with the deception .
1	As Amy was going down stairs her foot slipped through the flip flop .	Amy tumbled down the stairs .
0	He still lived in college town and missed home .	Charles graduated college and rented an apartment .
0	It had rained last night though .	Sally wanted to jump on her trampoline .
0	I was very stressed out about not knowing enough material .	I had been up all day studying for my exam tomorrow .
0	He decides to stop drinking any coffee .	Whenever he does n't have coffee , he gets a slight headache .
0	The nearest exit was twenty miles away .	Then she noticed that she was almost out of gas .
1	As we decided to leave , a huge meteorite lit the entire night .	From that point on , we always make an effort to watch them .
0	Finally his back pain was gone .	Jackson bought new shoes that were very comfortable .
1	Emily was feeling very sick one day .	She had been playing with a friend who now had strep throat .
1	However , she stumbled when she had the ball .	In addition , the other team managed to steal it from her .
0	Arnold was really skinny for his height .	Arnold was a healthy young man but he did have on problem .
0	I sat at a bench with a bag of stale bread .	I was in the park one day .
1	Annie pictured how pleased her classmates would be with the cards .	At school , Annie saw her classmates swooning over store bought cards .
1	But his true passion is music .	Everybody thinks Bill is crazy to give up football to play music .
0	It did n't take long for us to get there at all !	Soon , we were on the road .
0	One day , she got an invitation from a popular girl at school .	Nell was happy playing with her quirky friends .
1	He wished he could impress a venture capitalist to invest in him .	After college he designed a website .
0	Blake proposed and his girlfriend said yes .	He saved enough to buy a ring , car and house down payment .
0	I decided to buy new headphones .	My cats chewed through my headphone cords .
1	Her family did n't have money for lessons .	She asked a teacher if she could babysit in exchange for lessons .
1	Finally he decided to just jump over the wall near his truck .	My dog , who had been out all along , bit him when he jumped the wall .
0	He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his .	Joe was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase .
1	One day she decided to gain a little weight .	She started by adding a milkshake to every dinner meal .
1	The neighborhood always has a pool party .	Everyone brings a dish .
0	The toy cars raced for a long time .	He put the batteries in a toy car .
0	She was sad when they gave her a doll instead .	She asked her dad next .
0	It was mostly junk .	I pulled over my car to look through them .
0	Fred goes home with an upset stomach .	However , one of the peaches makes him feel a little ill .
1	It was a bitterly cold and stormy night and I searched for hours .	Finally , I had to give up and go home to bed .
0	I took her to the vet .	My dog was not acting like herself .
0	One day his barber recommended he try hair gel .	Myron had wanted a new hairstyle for months .
1	The boy followed the light to its source .	He bent over and examined it .
0	The two girls were no match for the thin tall boy .	Her friend Tami joined in the chase .
1	Gina was just arriving home from school .	It was a 3 day weekend .
1	We had to decide the color for our product by tonight .	We went to the Apple store , to Home Depot , we went everywhere .
1	She wanted to rent a cabin but did not know where to find options .	Lois and her husband went to the lake home and cabin show .
0	The Johnsons had tacos for dinner .	They came home and prepared tacos .
1	They then had dinner at a nearby lodge .	They went back to the cabin and went to sleep .
0	He would collect stale bread in his neighborhood .	Joel loved to feed the ducks .
1	Roger wanted to play tennis as well as Roger Federer .	Roger was blind though .
0	As a result , she gave up on making cupcakes .	As they had every time before , the cupcakes came out disgusting .
0	His manager called the police and the building was evacuated .	Reese saw that he left his suitcase which was ticking .
0	Jake dumped Samantha , but she got asked on a date by a fireman .	Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives .
0	Meg 's mom called the girl 's mother .	Out of spite , Meg said she caught the lice from a girl she despised .
0	I bought a lot of fruit to make smoothies with .	I tried to give up soda .
1	The guide lead them down the river and the water started churning .	They had such an amazing time on the river that day .
1	It was really bad weather outside	She went down a dark road that was covered in water
0	Mindy excused herself saying she had to use the restroom .	Joe flirted with the 20 year old waitress the whole time .
1	When a thunderstorm occurred , they decided to stay in a pavilion .	The weather cleared up and they left the park .
1	She saved up for the move and looked for work in the area .	She found work with a hotel in the city .
1	She felt sick and ran to the bathroom .	It occurred to her that she could be pregnant .
0	There , he studied their culture .	Neil took a flight to the island of Cyprus .
0	Now her passport photo shows a crying little girl .	The postal clerk took a photo of her while she was crying .
1	She had to cut it out .	She cut her hair short to fix it .
1	Tom went to the hospital to investigate his sickness .	The doctors told Tom he was going to be okay .
1	Jim stared at girls in the locker room , with his binocular glasses .	He stood there for several minutes .
0	They lost at nationals but were very proud of their accomplishment .	They won the regional championship and were sent to nationals .
1	They laughed that their gifts canceled out .	They decided that next year they would just exchange cards .
0	She was thrilled the whole night .	When Alice arrived she saw she had seats near the stage .
0	She inquired with the manager when the would be back .	At her local store there were no Kaboom on the shelf .
1	Jim charged him twenty dollars .	Billy did n't have that much money .
0	Jack was shocked , but agreed things were bad .	Jane told jack she wanted a divorce .
1	Jill was celebrating her 6th birthday .	Her big brother put candles on her cake .
0	Afterwards , I felt guilty about not sticking to my diet .	I got a hamburger on the way home from work .
1	The boy was walking up the street .	He seen a dark item on the road .
0	He grabbed some cacao beans and made milk chocolate .	Yves decided to make chocolate instead .
0	Her friends dog had puppies right before Christmas time .	She begged her parents for almost a year .
1	However , she accidentally forgot to turn on the oven .	Aly felt terrible , but her family just laughed at her honest mistake .
1	He balances his order on his tray and looks for a seat .	When he finally sees an open seat , he rushes to sit down .
0	She quickly told the kids to disperse .	She went to investigate and saw a snake in the grass .
1	In response , I told her to go jump off of a building .	She fired me on the spot .
1	Evan , ten and timid , went to the theme park with his family .	This summer he was finally tall enough to ride the roller coaster !
1	Heather was home from college .	She decided to take a walk in her neighborhood .
1	After a while , he got an estimate for how much it would cost .	He was really thankful that he had bought the warranty .
1	One friend was the closest , we talked all the time .	We spent the majority of our childhood together .
0	When they returned home they had their first child .	They traveled around Europe for two years .
1	Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad .	She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day .
1	John wanted to go wilderness camping .	He packed a sleeping bag and some food in his car .
0	The doctors told Bill that he could never run again .	One day , Bill slipped on a rock and broke his leg .
0	So he wrote a tell all book on the media .	Now , he had to let people know how corrupt the media is .
0	The police were able to quickly track him down and get her stuff back .	Upset , she looked down and found the thief 's dropped wallet .
1	Kelly was excited to get a new handbag .	She searched everywhere for a black bag .
1	He found a program that can help him make the change he wants .	He signed up , made his goals , and got to work .
0	Chad was hesitant , as he had lost a coat before .	As Chad entered , he had to check his coat .
0	Joey 's team called a timeout to discuss the play	The game was tied at 80
0	They are finally gone , although we do not know the reason .	We put out ant traps but a few came back .
0	He meticulously created a poster to explain his display .	He made a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda .
1	I especially like the ones with loops and chains .	Occasionally I will break one accidentally while solving .
0	He worked very hard day and night to perfect his creation .	This year he decided to build a robot as his science fair project .
1	Tim and Eric were putting together a jigsaw puzzle .	They were able to match up the pieces .
1	I love cooking breakfast .	This morning I woke up late .
0	He was told it would take him awhile to walk again .	He was severely injured .
1	Tom was really hot one day .	And his air conditioner was n't helping enough .
1	Juan tried them on and they fit perfectly .	He was ready to start getting into shape !
0	Her grandpa opened if for her to taste it .	It was a coconut !
0	Sally was proud of her creation .	She also put a walking path .
0	Marcus was upset that he bought this home .	And , the electrical wires began shorting out .
0	He pushed the buttons for the candy he wanted .	Bobby had just enough money for chocolate from the vending machine .
1	She just needed to survive two more days without any face damage .	On Monday morning when she was walking down the stairs she tripped .
0	While unloading the groceries , I noticed that I forgot several bags .	After getting home , I began to unload the groceries .
0	Ali froze when she saw Val .	Val and her friend Kris followed her .
0	She wanted to make the speech memorable , even revolutionary .	As valedictorian , Jen could n't wait to give the graduation speech .
1	He went to a phone store .	The clerk helped him decide .
0	They decided to play a game .	Pete said he could beat Howard at thumb war .
1	He would run to the side of the road at the last minute a car came by .	His mom was angry and ran towards him .
0	The employee said those were all the bananas they had .	Jan asked staff if there were any other bananas available .
1	When Bruce got home from school he turned on the radio and sang along .	He thought he was alone but his mother was listening in the next room .
1	At the market , Lou carefully chose the very best quality ingredients .	Lou spent all day slowly cooking the meal to make sure it was perfect .
1	He found it months later under a pile of newspapers .	Kyle brought it back to the library and had to pay a big fine .
0	Bob got scouted and became a professional player !	Bob got to college and played soccer .
1	So much that she was always picking up strays .	Everyone told her she would catch a disease one day .
0	Laura 's mom missed having a cat , and it was her mom 's birthday .	Laura 's old cat had died when she was little .
1	A dollar flew out of Phil 's grasp and into the wind .	He changed the dollar for a long time .
1	I was looking forward to eating the pie all day .	All I could think about was the sweet crust and smooth texture .
0	He realized that he needed to change his diet .	Alec kept waking up with pain in his stomach .
0	Lucy decided she would go home to change , then visit the new friend .	Lucy 's grandma gave her permission to go with .
1	She gathered all the necessary supplies and chopped away .	He ended up with really short patches .
1	Finally his friends convince him to buy a new pair .	Dan buys a new pair of boots that looks the same as his old ones .
0	There were some pez dispensers and old pencils .	The things that went first were the things we could n't believe .
1	Suddenly , she bumped the cup and it spilled .	The juice went all over her mom 's antique table cloth .
1	On the day of the show she waited at the bus stop in the rain .	A truck drove through a puddle and soaked Beth while holding her phone .
1	Jason was chosen to lead the team .	Three of his teammates were injured under his leadership .
1	I also bought her a pendant watch .	She enjoyed the gifts .
1	He told Jake to think about his wife , kids , and great job .	Jake became thankful for all he 's done in his twenties .
1	Others wanted it in another city .	Since they could n't decide they decide to wait to build it .
1	She asked the clerk if they had it in her size .	The clerk only found sizes that were too small .
0	All of a sudden , a seagull scooped her ice cream out of her hand .	Tara was eating ice cream by the beach .
1	Sandra asked her what was wrong .	The little girl said she was locked out of her house .
0	He felt that he needed to be good or else he would be ridiculed .	Robbie was a bit nervous because he 's latino .
0	When they were all counted , Pat Buchanan had somehow won .	The ballots proved confusing , however .
0	She ended up ignoring their judgments .	Everyone had told her that she would never make it .
0	They went to channel islands Park .	Chris took his girl on a boat trip .
0	They measured me and made me a suit .	I went to a local tailor .
1	He struggled to tie his tie properly .	He had to call his dad to ask him what he was doing wrong .
1	Problem was she has a child that needs to get up early to go to school	She often overslept .
1	Vick used to love to eat meat .	One day he saw a terrible video .
0	Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts .	He placed him on top of his bed .
0	Billy found an employee who called his father for him .	Billy looked up and his father was gone !
0	Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn .	Oil splashed on his arm afterwards .
1	John had three horses .	They all stayed in stables behind his house .
0	I nicely asked her to hurry up in the shower .	I have been taking cold showers before work for a year now .
1	Every time he responds to calls he gets very worried .	His partner told him that the nerves go away in time .
1	Soon , he was getting pretty good at soccer .	The next time they played at school he was picked last again .
1	Anna heard a weird noise from her car .	She took it to the mechanic to get checked out .
0	He felt like he should double check , so he opened it up .	He was about to toss it into the recycling bin , when he paused .
1	She was supposed to perform a piece in an upcoming piano recital .	Anne was nervous about performing .
0	Becky called her friends to come help .	She needed to have a major cleanout .
0	I went to an after-school hypnotist event .	It was my freshman year of college .
1	Stacy felt horrible for her mom .	She wanted to help even though she lived far away .
1	Remy wanted a carrot cake for her birthday .	But instead she got a chocolate cake .
0	He took the car to an empty race track .	He rented out a Ferrari for a couple of hours .
0	Jane returned home that afternoon to see herself on tv .	The security guards chased her around , but she was too fast .
0	They tore down the World Trade Center before .	The reason why is he read a book about republican politics .
1	One day some dogs got into the back yard with Gretchen .	They chased her and bit her until she became very exhausted .
0	Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick .	Sue was at her daughter 's house .
0	From then on , Bart made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition .	The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey !
0	When her family stopped at a gas station she decided to get snacks	Gina was n't looking forward to the long drive to Illinois .
1	Gina began yelling out the window at the kids .	She wanted them to wait , but they kept walking as she yelled at them .
0	He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his .	There must be a better way to sell his device !
1	She is obsessed with them .	I buy her some whenever I can .
0	Angela worked full time outside of the home .	His mother got sick and had to move in with the couple .
0	I divorced him and never looked back .	My lover came back with the same old same old stuff .
0	Since then , she has ignored all of Jim 's text messages .	She pretended that she had somewhere to go and left .
0	Beal turned everything in , despite not finishing his work .	The teacher called on everyone to turn their work in .
0	One day , And was stranded , and really needed help .	What Ana did n't know was that others knew of her ways .
0	He put the address of the place into his GPS .	Henry was driving to his reunion party .
0	She noticed something in the back of the closet .	Amanda was cleaning out her hallway closet .
0	The two women set up their gear to capture the unwanted animal .	Once there , they met with a family who was having trouble with a pest .
1	She grabbed a bottle of chili powder and added some to the pot .	She tasted the chili again but this time it tasted abnormally sweet .
1	I bought everything I needed from home using Walmart 's website .	The items were shipped to my local store for free and I was happy .
0	Every guest truly and a great time and could n't wait until next year .	She loved to spoil her guests with the best possible party .
1	When he tried to drive off the property , he got his truck stuck .	He was not happy that he had to get the tractor to tow out his truck .
0	Their divorce lawyers were their best man and maid of honor .	A year to the day later they married again .
0	He was visiting the aquarium with his dad .	Benny watched in awe as big sharks swam by .
1	Mary turned the corner at the new intersection .	A school zone was looming ahead , but Mary did n't see it .
0	So Mike always was aware of the dangers the cards can bring .	His brother had just had a huge debt problem , so he told to avoid them
1	It took him hours to find one he liked .	He finally bought a new desk .
0	She had to pee very badly .	Sarah was on a bus to her work .
1	He still calls on occasion to update me about work .	Today he called to say his wife was sick with the flu .
1	Within minutes , there was water everywhere .	The entire bathroom had been flooded .
1	But when she bit into it , her face twisted .	She had bitten right into a slimy worm !
0	He really liked her too .	He thought she was too young for him .
0	Bart ended up eating most of his snacks .	He wanted a snack .
1	I turned around and went home instead .	It has n't rained since but I have n't wanted to risk it .
1	I was raking the leaves in my front lawn with an old rake .	The rake cracked in the middle as I was using it .
0	I noticed my shower head was slightly broken .	I was showering .
0	She put the timer on too high and the food was incredibly hot .	Amy was heating her food in a microwave at work .
1	Water started to back up through the shower drain and filled the tub .	Jen quickly shut the water off and the water stopped rising .
0	The books became soaking wet along the bottoms .	The water poured down the counter towards her cook books .
1	At work , she began to feel better .	At home , she noticed how dirty the carpet was .
1	Aileen found she could read a book in an hour .	Soon , Aileen ran out of library books to read .
0	But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun .	So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends .
1	As he was trying to unlock the wheel , the car flipped over .	Luckily , Benny came out safe .
0	He called the company and ordered it .	Sean randomly decided he wanted cable .
0	Robert started smashing the hill , causing the ants to land on Robert .	Robert ignored their warning and approached the ant hill with malice .
1	The children sipped their champagne happily , feeling mature .	They did n't know they were really drinking sparkling apple juice !
0	She put it into her hair and then left to get married .	Luckily , her friend offered to lend her a hair pin .
0	The bus broke down on the way there .	I was very nervous for it and I wanted to win .
0	She tried looking everywhere for it .	Carrie lost her brand new puppy .
1	Bill 's brother visited , and told Bill he 'd better deal with problems .	Bill gave in and visited a bankruptcy attorney .
1	There once was a girl named Josie .	She wanted to learn how to ride a bike .
1	Lisa worked harder than she ever had , and won the contest !	She could n't wait to finally visit Brazil .
0	He began to do his best to emulate her .	He watched this young woman text very fast .
1	Finally Cindy moved .	She got a place with soundproof walls .
1	Her sister took her to a popular restaurant for dinner .	In the corner there was a famous couple having an argument .
1	We went to Hawaii on our honeymoon .	Although it was a long flight , it was tolerable by flying first class .
1	We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday .	The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs .
1	Bill worried that he was not stylish enough for Jane .	Bill decided to buy a leather jacket and some jeans to look cooler .
1	His dad showed him once and then made Matt change it while he watched .	After one try Matt changed the tire by himself perfectly .
0	Sara was disappointed that the baby looked odd and smelled bad .	She finally saw her baby sister in her mother 's arms .
1	He uninstalled the game .	Matt was able to quit by keeping himself preoccupied with school .
0	Jack decided he still did n't want to clean .	His parents told him he was grounded until it was clean .
1	I think it crawled through a window .	I put the turtle into a box and released it near a pond .
1	Ivy needed a belt because her jeans were too big .	But she did not own one and her mom 's were too small !
1	Drita 's husband was locked up in jail .	She was awaiting him getting out soon .
1	Another cook walked by and slipped on the soup .	The cook fell into a pile of flour sacks .
1	She was getting ready to do her talent .	As she was stretching , she heard a loud noise .
0	He looked online for reviews of different phones .	Joe needed a new phone .
0	I pretended to tie my shoes so I could grab it .	On the ground there was a $ 5 bill .
0	Soon , all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill 's house .	Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them .
1	He could n't remember the last time he had a tetanus shot .	He went to the clinic to get one to keep himself safe .
0	Now , we have eleven cows to sell .	We sell the cattle for money .
0	After a while , he caught on and cut straight lines .	The little boy fumbled with the new tool .
0	Tim joyously explored all the ancient sites to be found there .	He booked a flight to the Middle East .
1	I wanted to curl my hair .	First I brushed it all out .
0	Chris drove to the store .	Chris decided to go to the store .
0	A strong gust blew his hat off .	He was wearing a hat .
0	Bob did n't realize he could n't eat it .	One day Bob 's body developed an allergy to chocolate .
0	Carrie decided to give it a try even though she was grossed out .	Suddenly , a waiter appeared and offered a sample of alligator .
0	When she returned back to the US and she got a raise .	She worked abroad for a year .
0	It took him ten extra minutes to get back .	Being afraid of raccoons , he took a different route home .
0	Suddenly , there was a knock on the door !	A vaguely human shape fluttered past .
1	He told Jan a big secret about his hatred of their boss .	Jan realized the intercom was powered on !
1	Carefully , I placed the tea next to her .	When she picked it up she shook , spilling tea everywhere .
1	Terry was riding one day and felt both wheels lose traction .	Terry looked at his tires and saw they had little tread .
0	Having his brother in town was his favorite gift .	Michael 's day arrived and his brother was at his front door .
0	He arrived at 11 and the club was packed .	His friends did n't want to go out to the club so he went alone .
0	John ate a wonderful , hot , delicious pizza for dinner .	John called the pizza company and ordered the pizza .
0	And during the movie , they made lots of noise .	He found one spot by a bunch of kids .
0	I was so disgusted that that day was my last day as a waitress .	It was not bad , but I did n't like touching people 's used plates .
1	He changed the tire on the side of the road .	A man and his daughter stopped to help him change the tire .
1	He did yard work for his neighbors in order to earn money .	Eventually , he had earned enough to buy his bicycle .
0	She began to job down her favorite bike trail .	Susan went for a morning job .
1	A magazine teased Mark on facebook for performing one song on tour .	On facebook Mark posted a photo of his $ 2,000 check for the one song .
1	He tried to anyway on Friday .	He lost horribly and was humiliated .
0	His parents ' entire basement was given over to giant train sets .	He collected as many as he could .
0	Everyone lined up by the door .	The fire alarm rang and the students cheered .
0	It said a Macbook Pro was for sale , only three hundred dollars .	Charles read the post on the bulletin board .
1	After a little while , he started to take part in the class .	By the end of the day , he was glad he had gone !
0	The guards at the prison where he 's now housed also enjoy show tunes .	He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed .
1	She decided to volunteer for a organization in need .	She looked at a lot of different non-profit organizations .
1	However , Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway .	She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut .
1	She decided to take a vegan cooking class .	Amy took notes , and paid attention .
1	The first thing he buys is Walking Dead on Blu Ray .	He is happy to have the official high definition releases .
1	Jared was going through his pile of bills .	He placed his water bill in the mailbox and taken my the mailman .
1	He bought the biggest ham he could find .	Bill was very happy with how his ham turned out !
1	He got out his favorite book and read for hours .	When he was done reading , the sun began to shine outside .
0	He specified that he did not want a tomato .	He went to a fast food place to order one .
1	Simon approaches the cashier to order his lunch .	The cashier asks Simon what he would like to order .
0	He told us to hide .	When we got inside of the place , my friend 's brother called us .
1	Inside the trunk was several piece of gold from the Spanish Armada .	Franco became very rich when he sold the gold to a museum .
1	He followed his puppy 's steps across the grass .	There was Thomas 's puppy all covered in dirt .
0	A girl across from them was acting sort of spastic .	Wyatt and his friends were in class .
0	But she did not own one and her mom 's were too small !	Ivy needed a belt because her jeans were too big .
0	When he got back he noticed a scratch on his door .	Harry parked his truck near the park .
1	The team was trying to win .	There were 5 seconds left .
1	He did not have $ 40,000 for the loans .	Jeff decided to win the money at the casino .
0	Alex decides to be nice back to the girl .	One day , he meets a girl that is always sweet to him .
0	Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all .	But then her aunt called and said the little boy was sick .
1	They took a boat to see a village nestled at the base of a volcano .	When they got off of the boat , villagers immediately surrounded them .
0	To fit all the food in one bag or to waste a bag and use two ?	Karl the supermarket bag boy was faced with a dilemma .
0	Tina could n't wait to return .	Yet on the contrary she found it was well worth it .
1	Joan sent her son on a camping trip with the school .	While he was gone , she cleaned out the spare bedroom .
0	He could n't believe how good it tasted .	She got her husband to sample her sauce .
1	It really hurt .	She picked out some really pretty earrings .
1	My mother wanted a picture of the entire family .	We all got dressed up in our best clothes .
0	I tore out all of the old cabinets without a problem .	Today I decided to put new cabinets in my kitchen .
1	He decided he would work with it and still play .	He did not tell anyone .
1	Jane put down the curling iron and went to the register .	Jane purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend .
0	Her parents made her take a bath anyway .	She did n't want to take a bath .
1	My Dad almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire .	This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories .
1	James had always wanted to be elected to student council .	He was afraid that he might not be popular enough to be elected .
0	Holmberg was forced to shut down his radio show and get a job .	Holmberg was running out of money !
0	He went home and got his car .	He almost slipped on a patch of ice .
0	Soon he was feeling better .	Then he took a few aspirin .
1	He looked over his shoulder and saw a large crowd .	The large crowd was holding Peace posters .
1	He auditioned in disguise for another trivia game show .	He knew every answer on the show and set a new record .
1	The went to the dock and asked if they could borrow anyone 's boat .	An elderly man offered John his boat in exchange for $ 50 dollars .
0	She always kept the books people left behind .	Often passengers left books on the plane .
0	Her husband told her he was laid off from his job .	Barbara looked preoccupied and sad at work .
1	Max spent the day raking leaves .	He raked them to the curb to be taken away .
1	Austin was too tired to be holding anything above his face last night .	He fell asleep and dropped the iPad directly on his nose .
0	As the teacher gave instructions Amy and Ray talked to each other .	Amy was partners in class with her crush Ray .
1	She decided to build a giant snowman .	Hannah spent 3 hours building the giant figure .
0	They pretended to get along .	So were her uncles children whom she did n't like .
0	There , he saw the ancient ruins .	Neil took a bus trip to the ancient site of Pompeii .
0	The bartender rolled her eyes and made a new drink .	He complained that this was not what he ordered .
1	He was folding a piece of construction paper .	Suddenly he felt a sharp pain .
0	She sat at her desk and began her math assignment .	Gina had taken 30 minutes to calm down after a bad morning .
1	A New England family went out to Florida for vacation .	Hoping to get away from the cold , they marveled at warm temperatures .
1	He was born with birth defects , and his club foot was amputated .	He was very sure that he would end up alone and bitter .
0	His manager told him to take it down .	Boris bought a movie poster and put it in his cubicle .
1	They checked the equipment and nothing was amiss .	It turned out that one of the vocalists was hiding laryngitis .
1	When he was a baby his mother noticed his legs were not kicking .	They took him to the hospital and he was diagnosed with polio .
1	Angie went to get her credit card and could n't find it .	She suspected her son had stolen it .
0	There was no point in getting them to stop , so I just shook my head .	All the students in my class were talking .
0	Jess found tickets available on craigslist .	The ticket agent said the show was sold out .
1	He put it on the shelf anyway .	The next customer in the store grabbed that coke for his meal .
1	Jane was using her sister 's TV to try out a new yoga DVD .	She was doing her stretches in the floor beside the bed .
1	She asked me to pick her up and take her to the doctor 's office .	I 'm not sure who she thought she had called .
0	She knew there were millions of other publishing agencies to try .	Sadie was disappointed , but stayed hopeful .
1	Amy worked hard to save money for a vacation .	She finally had enough saved for a nice vacation .
0	She snapped lots of photos during her trip !	Then she bought a disposable camera .
0	She pushed her canoe off the river bank .	Amy was on a canoe trip .
1	Her dad took her to the doctor 's office .	It turned out that she had strep throat .
0	Scooter seemed very happy to have his bone back .	Cindy smiled and helped Scooter dig it out .
0	He knows they 're good for him if they have the right label .	Willard seeks health through foods .
0	I bought new workout clothes to look good while exercising .	I purchased a gym membership .
0	Then , right in front of jason , the whale jumped out of the water !	They bought tickets and were waiting in the stands .
1	Jenny decides to buy some kale and cook it at home .	She decides that kale is bitter and disgusting .
0	When we were walking by the Llama pen it spit in her drink cup .	She asked me to meet her on her lunch break .
0	They were yelling at the principal to reconsider her decision .	Before the principal went inside her car , an angry mob appeared .
1	The gathered their gear and made their way to the small boat .	The boat set sail and carried them far out into the sea .
1	I decided to go to a party .	It was late at night and I was sleepy .
1	I really fantasized that I 'd find a leprechaun in there .	I put candy , drawings , and things inside to attract the leprechaun .
0	I tried to ask for a new phone but my boss told me no .	I realized that the phone had terrible service .
0	Al looked up and down the street but did n't spot his bike .	When Al came out , his bike was gone !
0	I was afraid it would last long .	It was a little scary because of how cold it was .
0	She went to a doctor and was diagnosed with ADHD .	She realized she needed to do something about it .
0	Firemen from 6 towns all came to combat the fire .	The fire raged throughout the night at the park .
1	Josh woke up to a sunny Saturday morning .	He decided to go for a bike ride and enjoy the weather .
0	When he got back to his house he had a sports car .	He went to the dealership by himself .
1	All of a sudden , a storm came by .	They had to take shelter in a cave until it was dark .
1	But his dog was hiding and did not come to him .	It knew it had done something bad !
0	My parents received a call at 2 am that my violin was found .	I had a few drinks and accidentally left the violin .
1	During the war , Dave was ordered to stop an enemy train .	He strung a set of chains across the tracks and waited .
0	Came home at night and went to sleep .	I woke up in the morning and went to work .
1	They put themselves on a budget to get out of debt	It was the best thing they could have done .
0	As he was using it he saw a spider on the wall .	He needed to use the bathroom .
1	Jason 's girlfriend wants him to grow a beard .	Jason thinks this is a great idea .
0	Unfortunately , she told me that she 's homosexual .	I said that I loved her and wanted to go on a date .
0	In the box , there was a ton of cute baby clothes .	Inside , there was a cute box with a bow .
1	Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives .	Jake dumped Samantha , but she got asked on a date by a fireman .
0	Her mother could not convince her to eat it .	Tori refused to eat broccoli .
1	Maddie was at school .	Her eye started to itch .
0	She had to stop suddenly for a kitten crossing the road .	The tires on her car were very bald .
1	Kay began to knit but it was n't going very well .	Kay eventually gave up and bought a sweater instead .
0	Her parents and teachers are very proud of her .	Lisa starts writing a weekly column in the newspaper about fashion .
0	He mingled and schmoozed all day .	A man went to a business function .
1	A pretty girl walked right by him .	Tyler ran after the pretty girl .
0	Ben spent several nights editing footage .	He uploaded all the footage to his computer .
1	While training , he noticed more pain in his feet and back .	He met with an athletic trainer that watched him run .
1	Upon returning the entire oven was on fire and the oil bubbling over .	He quickly snuffed the fire and ordered takeout instead .
0	Laura turned Eric down .	Laura knew how Lydia felt about Eric .
0	He waited for a letter of reply from the college .	Dakota filled out an application to his local college .
1	I used to slide down the poles all day .	I would slide really fast .
0	I went over and lucked out , he was making ribs !	I had n't seen him in a long time and we decided to have dinner .
1	She gave the list to her mother , who was pleased to see it .	Then , Miley waited and dreamed of what she would get for Christmas .
0	When he finally got in he jumped as high as he could .	A Lot of other children that wanted to go into the bouncy house , too
1	He decided to hold up a bank .	He used a fake gun .
0	Then , he put some condiments on it .	He cooked a bagel .
0	In her hurry she ripped loose a button .	She rushed to get dressed .
0	At the end of the first half , Ted 's team was losing by 10 points .	Ted had tickets and attended with a bunch of his friends .
0	Ella did n't think she was as good as Connie .	Connie seemed to breeze through schoolwork with ease .
0	They teased her about it and Emma was mortified until she could leave .	They had found a blog that her mom was writing with stuff about Emma .
1	Sam was trying to sleep .	His upstairs neighbors were being loud .
0	Inside the nest was three baby birds .	One day when she was hiking , she found a nest .
0	The clerk only found sizes that were too small .	She asked the clerk if they had it in her size .
0	May offered to take the girl to get ice cream .	The boy she liked liked another girl .
1	One day our father brought home tea bags ,	He made us tea with milk and sugar .
1	Jake was diagnosed with the flu .	It was rough but he eventually recovered .
1	Lynn was on a high because she did n't get caught .	Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her .
0	She asked her brother to teach her .	Her brother played piano well .
0	I told them mTurk workers do not get paid much .	My connections thought I got a fancy new job .
1	I hate fish !	One day , my mom cooked trout for dinner .
1	The ticket agent said the show was sold out .	Jess found tickets available on craigslist .
1	Jack only made it to the curb , when he was stopped by another boy .	It was the small boy 's brother , who was not small at all .
1	He competed and won .	The fencing trip was the best day of Horatio 's life .
0	When she spoke to Val 's mom she seemed indifferent .	Jane decided to talk to the mother of the Bully .
0	She checked and his toes were at the front of the shoes .	She thought his feet must hurt in the shoes .
0	I decided to get a quick slice of pizza .	All of a sudden I felt huge hunger pains .
0	When she was ten , her grandfather became very ill .	It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them .
1	She joined a club at her university .	She was terrible !
1	He hopped in the car and traveled to Las Vegas .	He fell asleep while his dad drove across the USA .
0	When the moon came out , they enjoyed the amazing appearance .	They found a spot with a good view .
1	Kim wanted a license .	He signed up for driving school .
0	She had to decide whether to go to the grocery store or order food in .	Joan was hungry , but there was nothing good to eat in the house .
1	He took out some paint and began to create art .	Mike tried to make a tree but it did not look right .
0	When Omar took his calculus test , he had no idea what to do .	And he quickly tossed aside the book when he finished .
1	She applied at hotels , banks , and stores .	She was confident she would receive an offer from one of them .
0	Yet one day her parents found out .	For a while she hid it well .
0	A few hours later , everyone had to attend a company wide meeting .	One day , they were very loudly debating when the CEO walked by .
1	Tim had to clean the basement .	His parents told him to .
1	He would go to class during the day and write in his dorm at night .	He would write articles and reports for his portfolio .
1	Ida took the ice cream out of her freezer .	She was looking forward to a bowl of it .
0	He wanted her to stay and watch TV with him .	Lucy was bored watching TV with her grandpa .
1	He filled it to the top with rice .	Soon into cooking the rice cooker overflowed .
1	George was at the hotel last night .	He needed ice for his drinks .
1	Peg thought very hard , then offered her knot-tying services .	Now she ties the rigging and sails on ocean voyages !
1	John always went early in the morning , but he always failed .	Upset with himself , John decided to change his ways .
1	Greg needed to wake up for school .	He was so tired that he kept hitting snooze on his alarm .
1	I was hungry and there was n't much food in the house .	I decided to ride my bike to the grocery store .
0	Gloria was very disappointed and returned the dress for a refund .	Sadly , the dress was frumpy and saggy and the zipper broke at once .
0	The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net .	As the ball flew from his hands , the stadium was practically silent .
1	They went to a lot of different stores , but nothing stood out to them .	Finally , in the last store they went to , they found the perfect chair .
0	Betty found a bottle !	While looking for shells , something shiny caught her eye .
0	Kelly was very happy .	At the end her dog won silver .
0	I had trouble getting the crust right .	I bought a recipe book with a number of styles .
1	Lindsay went to the doctor for stomach pains .	The doctor decided to issue a cat scan .
0	One day he got hit by a truck while on his bike .	He would go on long rides on the weekend .
0	Gary had a hard time getting any sales in the Summer .	He borrowed money to set up his merchandise .
1	Chad was eight Year 's old and growing fast .	One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet .
1	Heather brought the cheesecake to work on Friday morning .	Everyone enjoyed eating the dessert Heather had made .
1	He decided to make tuna salad .	Little did he know that the can of tuna was damaged .
1	One day Tim made the winning basket .	Kimberly planted a kiss on his cheek .
1	The nice driver carefully searched the bus but did n't find it .	Then he remembered that a substitute bus had been used one day .
1	James was out for a morning walk .	He had forgotten to tie his right shoe .
0	He was determined to bring his grades up .	He never made A 's .
1	I spent the entire off season working on my speed .	I would do sprints almost every day .
0	Bob decided he was getting older and needed to acquire new skills .	Bob was an unskilled construction laborer .
1	Sam took the seeds and planted them .	He kept the weeds away .
0	Apples rained down from the branches .	He then ran into an apple tree .
1	Her boyfriend Joseph was unhappy because he knew the baby was not his .	Joseph decided to marry her despite the fact he was not the father .
1	So he flew into the nearby country of Malaysia .	The beaches and forests there were even more beautiful !
1	She was able to purchase a pair of tires for $ 200 off retail price .	Her mechanic installed them on her car when the tires arrived .
1	She decided to buy a new one .	She did n't see any she liked .
0	One day Samantha 's tire blew while she was driving .	He even taught her how to change a tire on a car .
1	One day he got up from bed for a glass of water .	He saw a giant roach in his kitchen wall .
1	She was really afraid of the dark and quickly got out of the tub .	She ran out of the bathroom and into the light .
0	One summer I was away at camp .	My boyfriend in high school was very romantic .
0	However , this year he is hosting a party for his friends .	Freddie has always been a vegetarian .
1	While there he met a pretty girl .	Avery was distracted , so he burned the trout .
1	Yesterday I went out shopping .	I was looking for a new lipstick color .
0	He saw that the client had sent him a bonus tip of one hundred dollars	One day , he checked his email .
1	I was so mad that he blamed me because I did n't take it .	Today Joey found his truck under his bed .
0	When he tripped it splashed all over his white shirt .	He had a cup of red fruit punch in his hand .
0	They thought about what to play .	Thomas and his friends wanted to play a game during recess .
0	Finally , they drew some blood to test it .	Then , she had to wait an hour .
1	I had a pet rabbit .	He loved alfalfa .
1	After an hour of waiting , he was sad because nobody showed .	He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone !
1	An elementary school planned to have an earthquake drill after lunch .	When the drill began , students and teachers were given instructions .
1	Jasmine brought her friend , Jen .	They had a great time being at the front of the crowded concert .
0	I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly .	Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water .
1	And outside the snow was falling hard .	Snow was piled high atop her car .
0	He told his wife the voice sounded the same as his audio book .	Bob walked into the ship elevator and heard a voice on the speaker .
1	They said they were all out .	Sam decided to get a burrito instead .
1	By holding it like that we would be in the right form .	We had a lot of fun , and learned a lot of good habits .
0	Within three months she was clean for good !	Then she decided to attend a rehab center .
0	Because he decided to play basketball later , he decided to walk .	He thought about taking the bus or walking .
0	He was at home to die comfortably .	He had just had a massive heart attack .
0	Everyone was so glad when Aaron came back .	One day he was gone and the whole day was a little sad .
1	Anna had a big event coming up .	She decided to consult her horoscope .
0	While he was there , he saw a game that caught his eye .	Billy went to the fair with his family .
0	Chris tried to wash the pan first with soap .	Chris and Joe were making eggs on a cast iron skillet .
1	Carol mocked us for how silly we looked in our safety gear .	She sneered at us for being such worrying wussies .
1	I found one on Ebay and it cost too much money .	I changed my will to include cremation services .
1	He did it properly , on bended knee .	But she was shocked by his proposal .
0	He was n't used to classical music and was not expecting to like it .	Bob had heard good things about Mozart 's 39th symphony .
1	The boys friend came up to him to see what 's up .	The boy explained that he just broke up with his girl and was sad
0	The shop owner said it was not for sale .	He walked into the store and asked if he could buy it .
0	The new movie is about to show in 2 days .	Jasmine and her dad love Star Wars .
1	Many people got angry and soon I was making national headlines !	I was forced to step down as CEO of the non-profit .
1	When Billy told his parents , they forbid him from going near the man .	When the strange man left town , they learned he was a war hero .
0	Cheryl hid under her bed until morning .	She could n't find her cell phone on her nightstand .
0	Annie likes ethnic food .	Annie likes to cook .
0	But Sandra scolded her over chores and still would n't let her drive .	But Sandra 's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space .
0	He only had one day before the test .	Bob needed to study for an exam .
1	No one in town could believe that Phil left his wife for Laurel .	The only one that was n't shocked was Phil 's ex wife , Angelique .
1	On the hike , Jerry falls and twists his ankle .	Luckily another hiker comes by and helps him get to the doctor safely .
0	He called animal control and had the bear relocated .	One morning he awoke to the sound of a bear tearing through the trash .
0	His girlfriend loves peppermint .	Lee is a great baker .
0	We had a lot of fun , and took plenty of photos .	My wife masqueraded as Sponge Bob , and I wore a transit outfit .
0	Then her mom encouraged her to give it a shot .	But she was nervous to try out , fearing rejection .
1	He took her to her favorite Italian restaurant yesterday .	During their meal they were very happy and flirtatious .
1	Fish neither speak nor understand speech .	Undeterred , he turned his attention to a passing goose .
1	The Jones family decided to take a road trip this year for Christmas .	Their first stop was in Georgia to see their uncle Frank .
1	At the interview , the employer told her he could n't hire her .	Jenna found out it was because of her blue hair .
0	The gear helped save them from falling .	The hill got even more steep so they got climbing gear out .
0	Greg drank the cup in one gulp .	The tea rapidly cooled to his liking .
1	The entire Morgan Memorial building was on fire .	We could see flames everywhere .
0	We left it where she could find it .	We put some on her favorite cat toy .
0	He boarded a train bound for Albuquerque .	He took a taxi to the train station .
0	And someone had put presents in her stocking !	The next morning the cookies and milk were gone .
0	When Rick woke up he could n't see anyone .	After a long day Rick fell asleep in the sand .
1	Today Ally went to the beach .	There were lots of people at the beach .
0	Ben did n't see the large branch in the way .	Down the sidewalk he went as fast as he could .
0	Finally , she saw the perfect gift .	All day , she could n't find a single thing she thought he 'd like .
1	Trevor has a fast car that he bought recently .	He loved speeding in it everywhere .
1	The boys had great seats in the Luxury box .	As the game started , it was great that the Red Sox were winning .
0	When we landed we found out the plane had been struck by lightning .	The pilot informed us we had to divert to Denver .
0	On her drive in she blew out a tire .	My wife drove off to work , and I woke up the kids .
0	One time her friends consented to come along .	She 'd always pester her friends to join her .
1	After a week , someone called Jim .	She had found his hat on a bench .
0	When the soup was done , she tasted it .	She boiled her chicken and added veggies .
0	We usually had burgers and dogs .	We had a lot of cookouts in front of our condo building .
0	One day , in a rush , he forgets his hat on the subway .	Although its red color is fading , he loves his hat .
0	She did not know what to do .	Tammy needed money badly .
0	All the trucks had to be green with certain equipment .	The fleet manager of the company said he was looking to buy 5 trucks .
1	Ron was a perfectionist .	So he carefully planned out everything he did .
0	Ida met extended family members and saw the sights .	As a teenager she took a trip to India with her family .
0	Grandpa was able to unlock the door from the outside .	Grandpa came running to help Grandma .
0	When she wanted something to drink , Glenda tried giving her something .	Glenda 's daughter was going through her terrible twos phase .
1	My sister and I went to bestbuy on black Friday	We were n't sure what we wanted , just went for fun .
1	He started running in a certain direction .	Somehow he made it back home .
0	The pain was horrendous .	When I placed my hand on the pan by accident I burnt myself .
1	She got everything ready for it .	She could n't believe she was getting it .
0	JD no longer submits his writings to that company .	JD became angry with the company .
1	The boys had been watching birds all month .	Finally they decided to build a bird house .
0	We became great friends that day .	It turned out her and I were going to the same destination .
1	As the day approaches , a hurricane is scheduled to arrive .	Upset and angry , Chanel went into panic mode about her party .
1	When the cousin went to the swimming hole , Dan followed .	The cousin dared Dan to dive from a high overhanging rock .
1	Brian competed in a soccer skills competition .	He dribbled the ball very well through all of the cones .
1	Brad was able to obtain his father 's number through the internet .	They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant .
1	One day a lady told Amy 's boss she was a great worker .	Her boss told her he was pleased with her progress .
0	Julie sends her trainer a special thank you note .	She finds herself becoming much stronger than she thought possible .
0	He was so pleased to unwrap his phone card !	On Christmas , they handed Tim his gift .
1	He was really tired from such a busy day .	He was about to watch TV when his boss called him .
1	When the doors opened , I went straight to the electronics section .	I got the tv , put it in a cart , and went straight to check out .
1	Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up .	When he finished he entered his first car show .
1	He bought so much gear in preparation .	However , when he was about to go , he could not find his tent .
1	She had a few pair in her hands and asked the salesperson for advice .	The saleslady told Jane that it was all a matter of preference .
1	His eyes began to swell .	Heather took him to the vet right away .
1	He had an abiding fear of people .	He hated being stuck in small spaces with others .
1	Jake helped his girlfriend deal with her dying mother .	They frequently took trips to be by her mother 's side .
1	Suddenly she started screaming and crying .	A bee had stung her eyelid .
0	She kiddingly said he is the spoiled one .	I told Fred 's wife about how Fred said she is spoiled .
0	When they arrived , the doctor explained what narcolepsy is .	He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor 's appointment .
0	When she got home , though , she buried the doll in her yard .	Robin could n't wait to get home to play with the stolen toy .
1	Tim was having a fun time with his friends .	He wished the moment would last forever .
1	The signal was fading so he turned around to listen more .	It seemed no direction had any better reception .
1	She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked .	Gina climbed into the house through the window .
0	But she could n't find any wigs she liked , so she decided to go bald .	She was afraid to return to school without hair .
1	Corey 's team made it to the championship .	His team was losing by one point with 2 seconds left .
0	She called the police who came and said her apartment was broken into .	One day when she came home from work , she noticed one window open .
1	They shared it with their other friends .	Frank became famous and made millions of dollars .
1	I met a great guy at the dog park .	He patted my dog and then introduced himself .
1	Gina had a crush on a boy in her class .	But each day she liked him less and less .
0	Arnie was confused .	To his surprise , his teacher informed him that he had passed .
0	Meisha inquired about the rooms in the pictures .	The room looked nothing like the picture .
0	It tasted even better .	It looked great .
0	SHe was too old to have imaginary friends .	Valerie started seeing things that were n't there .
0	From there , he booked a tour of the Great Barrier Reef .	Neil bicycled into the city of Perth , Australia .
1	He practices cooking omelettes many times until he is an expert .	He is very happy to be saving money by cooking at home .
0	Watching it , I contemplated whether I should pick it up .	I saw a penny lying there on the ground .
1	A hunter was crouching down on the forest floor .	He was listening intently for any sounds .
0	Mike bragged so much about his money he spoiled the visit .	Ellen 's dad , Mike , is a rags to riches millionaire .
1	Jeremy bought diving equipment and took lessons .	When he got good enough , he made plans to dive his local lake .
1	It is Eli 's birthday .	He is having a party at a gymnastics place .
0	Simon told Joey that if he did n't stop , he would have to leave .	Joey thought it would be funny to mess with Simon 's Pokemon cards .
1	Will wanted to lose weight before summer .	He went on a drastic diet that did n't seem to work .
0	But on Christmas eve , his mom called him downstairs .	His friend had told him there was no Santa Claus !
1	When she did she found clumps of her hair .	The tub now drains just fine .
0	John could n't believe the sight and he was brought to tears .	Just as he was pulling the fish up , a beautiful sunrise emerged .
1	I donated to a charity for three years .	One day , I decided to research them more in depth .
0	They saw bears , deer and two coyotes .	They bought a fauna pamphlet and trail guide .
0	He went to the kitchen to make a snack .	Dan was hungry .
1	Tina then had her friends watch a movie .	By the time they went to bed , they were sugar high .
1	The captain decided to sail around the new island to map it .	Eventually , the natives became angry and they had to sail away .
1	A vaguely human shape fluttered past .	Suddenly , there was a knock on the door !
0	She finally went to the doctor .	She noticed she would see spots .
1	Ruthie decided to try a new spaghetti sauce .	She cooked the meat .
0	He asked a fitness instructor and the instructor recommended Fitbit .	He knew she had a new interest in fitness and exercise .
1	It only motivated her to practice swimming harder .	She swam from one end of the pool to another over and over .
1	My family planned to vacation in florida .	First , we needed to pack for the trip .
0	Todd was overwhelmed by the smell of fish at the airport .	They took an 18 hour long flight to their destination .
0	We ran into the first store we found and watched the hail come down .	All the sudden , giant hail balls came down .
1	She ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived .	Grace got nervous when Joe still had n't shown after fifteen minutes .
1	The Smith family went to a buffet .	The children ate three plates of food each .
1	He swerved and hit a tree .	Tim 's car was totaled .
1	He had never tried hunting , but he was worried about it .	Finally he decided to give it a try .
0	Soon she was holding her baby and breastfeeding like a pro .	But her labor went smoothly and quickly .
1	Joey had a cold .	His doctor could n't see him for weeks .
0	The class was assigned to complete a landscape .	Across the room was an ex friend Sara .
1	One day he forgot to do his homework .	He told the teacher he wrote his homework in disappearing ink .
0	Then , he got the job .	Finally , Mike passed the test on his third try .
1	It was moving into the air .	Eventually , it got stuck on top of a flag .
1	Her step-sister did not like Allie .	One day she locked Allie out of their bedroom .
1	She decided she could handle parenthood on her own .	She had IVF treatments to help her conceive her child .
0	Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach .	Beth got out of bed , and noticed how nice it was outside .
1	Don liked being powerful .	He decided to run for President so he could be more powerful .
0	He found Susie a old friend to join him and start a cartoon strip .	He thought that he must find a writer to team up with .
0	The organizer came over and spent the day fixing up the mess .	So , she decided to hire a professional organizer .
0	She answered all of the questions .	She decided to try one .
1	His guitar got stolen from his house .	He could n't afford to buy a new one .
1	The thirty six emails from him had scared her .	She decided to go on social media , but immediately closed the page .
0	I ordered supplies to set up an online jewelry shop .	I practiced and practiced until I got good at making jewelry .
0	Jack 's scared when she tells him the man is a cop , not her attacker ,	As soon as Jack opens the door he flattens the guy on the other side .
0	But when he got them , he noticed an interesting feature .	Carl was using Google Maps to get directions to his new job .
1	She felt poor and worthless .	She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .
0	Nine minutes later , the waitress served Gail her dinner order .	Hearing her stomach growl , Gail decided to wait ten more minutes .
0	He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work .	Mike had to go to the doctor .
1	They came across a party held by her friend 's church .	To participate in the games , you had to recite a scripture .
0	Jim brought the stew and he and his friends at it while they worked .	He cooked a big stew all night since they could never go out to eat .
1	Harry read that most people brush their teeth wrong .	He had always brushed back and forth and rinsed after .
0	She had it implanted and then waited eagerly for her first sound .	Her doctor had offered her a new kind of super-powered hearing aid .
0	Finally he was fluent in Italian .	Larry studied hard every day .
1	He was obviously senile and confused .	The manager refused to sell him a gun .
1	Today is Jack 's birthday !	Jack 's mom planned to make chocolate cake , his favorite !
1	He is very anxious about this , but goes to the airport anyway .	His skydiving instructor is very nice .
0	I made myself a bunch of snacks and got some beers .	Yesterday I had the day off from work .
1	Once , I was walking with my friends in the city .	We were coming home from the park when we saw these strange statues .
1	Mark hung up a racy poster of a lingerie model in his room .	Mark 's mom saw the poster while putting his laundry away .
0	Suddenly , Sean leaned over and hugged Sara .	They were both nervous as they said goodbye .
0	When Sean checked the turkey , he saw that the bottom was still raw .	All of the other food was ready and the table was set .
0	His second batch was a little better .	His first batch came out weak and terrible .
0	After a while the old bit was as good as new .	He took it to a sharpener and began to grind it .
1	She asked a co-worker for aspirin .	The co-worker had none but suggested she visit the drug store .
0	One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet .	Chad was eight Year 's old and growing fast .
1	My friend Tina thinks I 'm an artist .	She 's selling my creation online .
0	After talking to her manager , she was able to get them banned .	They trashed the shelves and messed with the computers .
0	She snuggled close into me as we gasped in wonder and amazement .	A whale breached the surface right in front of us .
0	As he walked out with the coat however , a guard stopped him .	Today he decided to steal a coat from a department store .
1	His friend suggested they go to a new restaurant which just opened .	He took his date there only to find out they only took reservations .
1	We headed to the movies together .	Suddenly , he said he felt sick .
1	I wanted to live every writer 's dream .	I bought a small cabin in the woods .
1	Kelly decided she wanted to go on a rollercoaster .	Her friend suggested Batman .
1	They repeated the song several times and did worse every attempt .	He ended up dismissing the other instrument players .
0	Mark was so grateful and he thanked them .	They offered to extend the due date a few weeks .
0	Judith quickly wiped the sauce up but it was all ruined .	Somehow , she missed the pot and sauce spilled across the stove top .
0	After going to their house to check on their animals , I tried calling .	I tried calling to check on them but they never answered .
1	After Years of trying to meet another man , she lost hope .	Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life .
1	He ended up turning on netflix .	He then watched his favorite show .
0	She knew she should start cleaning by washing the dishes .	Jan 's house was a mess .
0	The dog loved it and carried it around constantly for days .	Nancy bought her dog a squeaky stuffed animal .
1	She got a new one today .	Luckily the new one is working .
1	But he did n't know the big waves were in the middle of the ocean .	He flew to Florida .
0	They always have a great time catching up .	They saw a Broadway show .
1	She drank so much soda that her teeth began to rot !	She had to be taken into the hospital to have emergency surgery !
1	They hated it so they moved again to New Hampshire .	They settled in New Hampshire and lived there for twenty years .
1	A car came up and started tailgating him .	He waved them over to pass him .
1	To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings .	Amy ended up throwing most of the yogurt in the trash .
0	Together , they all made a funny podcast that got a lot of views .	He set up his computer and microphones and called all his friends .
1	She could n't wait for the baby to be born .	When the baby was finally born , she was overjoyed to be a mom .
0	He did one hundred and one of them .	He fell to the floor and started doing push-ups .
1	Just as he was pulling the fish up , a beautiful sunrise emerged .	John could n't believe the sight and he was brought to tears .
0	Jean 's boss got drunk and began hitting on her .	She attended the party and was surprised they were serving liquor .
0	She walked around the plaza and noticed the back door was open .	When she got to the shop and found that they were closed .
0	Suddenly she saw that she was lost !	As the sun set , it grew dark .
1	She decided to try one .	She answered all of the questions .
0	Fortunately , Tim was nice enough to show him how .	His friend Jay was sad that he did n't know how to do it .
0	On the way there , her apparatus broke in the van .	She got to participate in the state science fair at the Capital .
1	He is too scared to approach her .	He pretends to browse in her area that she is working .
1	She then replaced the bandage .	It looked great after .
1	She went to the kitchen to look for something to eat .	She decided to make herself a sandwich .
1	Nell 's class went to an amusement park for a special treat .	While the other kids were excited , Nell felt uneasy .
0	He practiced his strokes and moves .	He went to the lake every night to swim .
1	She followed the cute guy to his science class .	Susan sat behind him and stared at the cute guy .
0	Last week I finally asked her out .	Margo has been the girl of my dreams for Years .
1	Tom broke his mother 's vase .	She demanded an explanation from him .
0	The man grunted and slammed down the phone .	The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay .
0	Jerry trained hard and kept his nutrition in check .	He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club .
1	My friend Brianna whispered to me in class .	The teacher turned around and yelled at me .
0	The large crowd was holding Peace posters .	He looked over his shoulder and saw a large crowd .
1	Sarah bought a dozen donuts .	She brought them home for her friends .
0	Gene reeled in the fish proudly and completed his fishing trip .	The fish took the bait and struggled against Gene for it 's life .
1	But he noticed a different chef .	He considered leaving .
0	It was to be a big anniversary surprise .	Joe ordered a dining room set off of the internet for his wife .
1	One day he was fouled really hard .	He complained to the ref but was ignored .
0	As an adult , Andy opened a toy museum and shared his love with others .	As he grew up , his passion for toys grew with him .
1	Will was reluctant to order groceries online .	But one of his friends recommended it .
0	I had to wind up returning it even though it looked good .	I was n't sure what caused the itch .
0	I bought all the ingredients .	I wanted to make a stew .
1	His mother put his mind at ease .	She said he would always be first in her heart .
0	Then , she wished her a happy birthday .	She apologized profusely .
0	After an hour of work , Melanie started to understand the problems .	The tutor came on a monday afternoon and sat down with Melanie .
1	He decided to enter a contest .	He ate five pies in 20 minutes .
0	He always beat everyone he played .	Tom thought he was an amazing chess player .
0	He went all day and had n't caught anything .	Thomas went deep sea fishing with his friends .
1	Finally he asked his friend Jean to teach him some dance moves .	After weeks of practice Carlton was a great dancer .
0	Unfortunately , his dog did indeed run away .	Yanis was scared that his dog would run away !
0	He surprised her one day as they made love by singing to her .	Sherry adored her husband Henry , and they 'd been married for Years .
1	Amy watching TV at home .	She answered the phone when it rang .
1	They were digging around the water line .	However , they hit the sewer line .
1	But his dad said everyone had to pitch in .	After a couple hours , they were done .
0	Brie was upset the rest of the day .	The swings were all gone .
1	The steak was rotten !	Poor Tim had to return the steak to the grocery store .
0	Finally , the individual pencils are carved into shape .	The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top .
0	It was a small promotion but worth the exposure .	He finally got his chance .
1	When she walked in the house she smelled something good .	It was freshly baked cookies .
0	Yesterday he did n't catch any dish because he had to leave early .	Usually he catches a fish every night .
1	The team won the first game because of Ryder 's home run .	Ryder was so glad he practiced .
0	He 'd lost his mother and was scared !	Then she saw a crying little boy in the corner .
0	All the gang was there .	Last week I was playing dominoes in the alley .
0	They did n't know they were really drinking sparkling apple juice !	The children sipped their champagne happily , feeling mature .
1	All of a sudden , he got a call warning about a terrorist threat .	Ted panicked and ran to his apartment to hide .
0	She was only one month from due date and still growing .	Jane was experiencing her first pregnancy .
1	As soon as I got there it started to rainy .	I took cover but the storm would n't pass .
1	Rick ran along the cage looking at monkey running inside .	The monkey stopped and let out a shriek .
0	She passed the first round and got to sing for the judges .	She signed up for an audition on American Idol .
0	She got mad at me for saying her music tastes was bad .	This girl Alexis and I were chatting last night .
1	He often would eat the food while he prepped it .	One day the manager caught him eating the food .
0	Every time he was at a party he would play for everyone .	Lance always loved playing the guitar .
1	On his 16th birthday Jane convinced him to allow her to measure him	She was surprised to find he was already 6 feet tall .
0	It would not start up .	She started up her car .
0	Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard .	Daisy loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection .
0	The girls started finding many objects .	She went on one with her friends .
1	Mom asked Jake to clean out the fridge .	Jake could n't hear his mom because he had earphones on .
1	Milo was a fat boy with a bad temper .	Milo 's mother did not know how to discipline him properly at all .
1	He found a pair that cost twenty five dollars .	They had a Napster logo on the bottom so Charles bought them .
1	His friend came over and quickly installed the radio .	Chuck was so happy , he gave his friend $ 20 to thank him !
0	She also did ten touch touches every day .	She did leg lifts .
0	She immediately went out and took it for a drive .	When she received it she was thrilled .
0	Dave politely turned her down .	One day Sally made a romantic advance on Dave .
1	It was thick and scruffy .	However , it kept him from getting a job .
1	While leaving the office , William closed his finger between the doors .	He yelped in pain , then left the school and treated his injury .
0	He searched the classified ads for job openings .	Charlie found that he needed a new job if he wanted money .
1	She did not know what to do .	She ended up taking a cab .
0	One day she was roughing around the house	Her mom always told her no horseplay in the house
0	Until his barber sneezed while shaving his neck .	Joe was just getting his hair trimmed .
0	I looked over a teenagers shoulder as she stared down at her phone .	I walked in closer to see what their whispering was all about .
0	After the party , he decided that he wanted to wear togas more often .	Sal had a toga party with his friends .
0	Her father got a fake tree and the three of them put it up .	Kelly and her family were about to put up the Christmas Tree .
1	Jake found a really nice leather computer chair on craigslist .	Jake was able to buy the chair for $ 50 used .
0	When he got good enough , he made plans to dive his local lake .	Jeremy bought diving equipment and took lessons .
0	Jake 's waiter responded rudely .	Jake asked what the problem was .
1	Then , they motioned him over to ask him some questions .	Alex got to talk about his favorite type of coffee on the news .
0	One day a teacher at his high school established a chess club .	Seth always wanted to play chess , but he needed an opponent .
1	Even though he started to get tired mid-race he pushed through .	Carl did not win the race but he was happy to make it to the end .
0	When I started playing it I could n't stop .	I was very excited to play it .
1	Jamal is confident in his ability to pass .	Jamal aces the exam .
1	One day , she planned on finding every coin in her house .	She spent hours looking under tables and digging in the couch .
0	All the drivers seemed to be unsure .	She did n't remember who arrived first .
0	Chelsea was in tears for the rest of the day .	A zoo keeper told her that they did not have any pandas .
0	The publisher read his book and liked it .	He sent the book to a book publisher .
1	Gina did n't listen and all day at school Gina was cold .	Her mother was not happy that she did n't listen to her advice .
0	I sat and played for a little while .	I had never played blackjack before , but she encouraged me .
1	The two of them were very excited .	However to their dismay , their enemy Tina arrived .
1	He decided he would .	He picked out a new bike .
0	He took out his speech from a folder and tapped the mic .	A scientist walked up to a podium in a crowded room .
0	She took off the training wheels and hopped on .	She was excited to try it .
1	She begged her mom to force her brother to scoot over .	She was upset when her mother forced her to sit in the middle .
1	We ordered the tableside guac which was amazing .	We had some margaritas that were great too .
0	He brandished a gun and demanded money from her .	One day a masked man approached her belligerently .
0	It was like stones crashing against his roof !	Dan was working on his computer when he heard a scary sound .
1	Jay was Iranian and proud of his heritage .	He decided to learn Farsi to feel closer to his people .
1	He said he was man enough to wear it indoors .	Marsha cooked her husband an extra special meal that evening .
1	Sara wanted to have a baby .	She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late .
0	Fear engulfed her .	She started climbing the cliff .
0	He dreamed he was eating his sandals	There once was a man from peru
1	The director stood on the other side and looked at Mitch .	The overture finished and the director stood still .
0	The two were reunited and made up for lost time .	When she was 30 , she decided to find her mother .
1	They would have some drinks and food while playing .	One of Fernando 's friends said he wanted to play video games .
0	She had been out on the slopes for hours .	Ava was skiing one day .
1	He was suffering from an allergy attack .	The pollen in the area made him have a reaction .
0	When she picked him he was laughing and full of stories !	She worried about it all day .
0	After the storm we saw a rainbow .	We hid in the bathroom until they stopped .
1	It was a simple thing , but he was proud of it , nonetheless .	He 'd put flowers and colorful stones on carefully arranged twigs .
0	He had to use napkins instead .	He did n't realize there was no more toilet paper .
1	She went sliding across the floor .	She hurt her leg pretty bad when she fell .
0	But there , on her phone , was her promised text !	When Carrie woke up , she tried to brace for disappointment .
0	Then I went off to join the Army .	Ava often wished she had no brother .
0	A few days later he went to the festival .	He noticed a flyer advertising a local hot air balloon festival .
1	He was visiting his uncle who had blueberry bushes .	Bobby could n't believe he could pull blueberries off and eat them .
1	Her friends did too .	It got them in a lot of trouble .
0	One day , And visited a reptile expo .	The scales and the way their eyes looked mad And scared .
1	After taking proper safety precautions he started shooting .	He had a lot of fun and wants to do it again soon .
0	Bill laid on his bed and meditated for the first time .	The philosopher began leading a mindfulness meditation exercise .
1	As Nell waded in the lake , she saw a beautiful stone on the bottom .	She could n't reach the stone without going under water .
1	Michelle was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong book .	They both laughed for a while and crammed extra hard .
1	He was paralyzed by a gunshot wound .	The doctors said he would never walk again .
0	He was tired of having to be so cautious because of his allergies .	Cruz was allergic to many things .
0	Both of us had two shorts .	We were tied until the last hole .
0	It began to storm .	Jennifer was kayaking on the White River .
0	Jill chased after her dog .	Her dog ran into the woods .
1	Jon 's family decided to go to vacation in India .	Jon did n't want to go to India .
1	He told them that he can easily swing from the monkey bars .	His friend made a bet with him .
0	He wanted to calm the child 's mind .	He had her now , but she was still afraid .
1	She wants to be a nurse .	My niece does not want her daughter to go far away .
0	He could n't sleep very well because he was worried about his wallet .	He rushed back to the library , but when he arrived it was closed .
0	The rainy had been coming down for three straight days .	They lived in a valley and flooding was common .
1	They watched attentively all through the concert .	Afterwards , they all told him how well he had performed !
1	Alex had been fired .	He decided to seek work .
0	The coach gave him a specific list of things to work on to improve .	Mike was trying out for the basketball team and got cut .
0	The author was her cousin , so she was excited .	A woman took a book out of the library .
1	Will had fallen , and was paralyzed .	He 'd been in a wheelchair for the better part of his life .
0	She decide to take the training wheels off her bike .	Kelly decided to be adventurous .
1	Jacque had led a rather bland life as an office clerk .	He longed for excitement and adventure , and daydreamed of both daily .
1	My wife and I can never decide where to eat for dinner .	One night we drew names from a hat and flipped a coin .
1	He even slows down productivity among the others .	Russ knew he had to put a stop to it soon before it got worse .
0	As the printing machine printed copies new information came in .	Rich Cameron wrote an article for the community newspaper .
1	Annie likes to cook .	Annie likes ethnic food .
1	Jen wanted to grab a quick lunch .	She invited her friends to eat but nobody was available .
0	I made some random remark about Italian cuisine .	I was shopping in the supermarket for avocados .
1	When Joy was nine she and her best friend Beth both got puppies .	The puppies were from the same litter .
0	When he got there , he was met by some friendly people .	He was nervous because he had never traveled so far before .
1	She was doing very poorly !	In fact , Ella lost the game by over a hundred points !
0	When my wife sat back again , Sassy batted at her hair .	When my wife leaned forward , she snuck onto the back of her seat .
0	I felt guilty sitting in my nice , warm apartment .	Yesterday , he was outside shoveling by himself .
0	I gave back the rose , frustrated .	He then started to ask for money .
1	His son was a good boy , he had brown curly hair and kind eyes .	He always wanted the best for everyone and helped whenever he could .
1	But Anna needed it to fall asleep !	She thought about it and came up with a solution .
0	Mark decided to replace all of his strings .	Today his guitar string broke .
1	They stopped to see how cheese was made .	But their favorite part was stopping at Ben and Jerry 's .
0	It took five minutes to make the music cd .	I pressed the record button .
0	His daughter was twenty and they did n't get along .	Charles was forty one years
1	Charlie 's neighbors were making too much noise .	He needed to sleep for work in the morning .
1	Their gorgeous look inspired Samson to want to look like that too !	He met the performer after the show and confessed his admiration .
0	My doctor ended up looking for a better alternative .	I tried putting it back together and it could n't work .
1	We went to a number of stores looking for a new TV .	We looked at new 4k ones .
1	I flew to Boise to go see him .	We talked about what to do for fun during the week .
1	I had a few drinks and accidentally left the violin .	My parents received a call at 2 am that my violin was found .
1	Jordan was playing with her friends .	They were running around in some high grass .
1	She started walking to work .	She also brought her own healthy lunch .
1	She ended up spilling too much .	My food became salty and I had to throw it away .
0	We picked a rescue from the local pound .	Finally we decided to get one last week .
0	The boat went very fast .	Grady went tubing behind a boat .
0	Jennifer climbed the fence and her jeans caught on the top .	She ignored her Grandmother 's instruction .
0	She was disappointed in slow sales .	She was telling them to increase perfume sales .
1	He booked a flight to the Middle East .	Tim joyously explored all the ancient sites to be found there .
1	They set out their stockings and went to sleep .	Santa came down the chimney and left presents under the tree .
1	She took practice exams and studied every day .	Lindsay passed her first three certifications with ease .
0	She saw the shrimp little legs and its tail .	Her meal was sat down in front of her .
1	Soon , we were on the road .	It did n't take long for us to get there at all !
0	People made fun of her .	She was sad about it .
1	She tore it up and put it on the ground .	Then , the ducks came and ate it .
0	He found a great deal and bought it .	He started looking for a new provider .
0	Michael failed and learned to never cheat again .	The teacher made everyone put their drinks away .
0	His friends all did a trick that John had not yet tried .	John went skating with friends .
1	Richie felt terrible after he had his coffee .	He went to apologize to his boss .
0	He put all of his dirty clothes into the clothes hamper .	Marty needed to clean his room .
1	Jessie 's sister-in-law was pregnant .	They were expecting the baby any day .
1	She threw only gutter balls .	Her boyfriend would n't stop laughing .
1	She bought all kinds of meats , veggies and sides .	Ana was so happy to have a house full of food again !
1	He uses it to take scenic photos .	Once he posted a FB photo close to the airport .
1	Bill was tired of the hot weather in his area .	So he decided to shave his head .
0	When her date arrived she realized there was a problem .	Lena got 4 inch heels to wear to prom .
0	The mother said that was always their spot and they started arguing .	A mother with her Girl Scout daughter came along .
1	When she saw them , she panicked , thinking they were poisoned !	Hurriedly she pulled out her phone to research the small berries .
0	After a few minutes he disposed of the now dead rat .	I screamed loudly which prompted my husband to come running .
1	He quickly assembled his speakers to face his neighbor 's house .	Nick began to play much louder music .
0	The waiter informed them that they were the lucky diners .	Mischa was out for dinner with friends .
1	Rowan was in the hospital because he broke his leg in an accident .	He was bored so he called took his phone and called his friend Janice .
1	Monica did n't want to wait but knew her daughter would be upset .	Finally she decided to just suck it up and wait .
1	He decides to save up his money to buy a motorcycle .	After Years he has enough money to buy the motorcycle of his dreams .
0	The waves smashed against the shore and scared Sonny .	There was a storm recently that caught him off guard .
0	Billy eventually gave up and bought a new hat .	He looked all over the place , but could n't find it .
1	His friends arrived in the early morning .	Alfred and friends rented a boat to go fishing .
1	In New Orleans , Francisco samples gumbo and other delicious food .	When his trip is over , he is very sad to leave .
1	The team had been losing and the game was almost over .	Suddenly , Sophia had the ball and decided to try for a goal .
0	She drank it to relieve her thirst AND her craving for sweets !	She made a thick milkshake .
0	One day , Clark saw a person sitting at his normal fishing spot .	Every day Clark went fishing by himself .
1	It had snowed overnight and her car was buried up to the door handle .	She called in to work , took the day off and built a snowman instead !
0	He changed the dollar for a long time .	A dollar flew out of Phil 's grasp and into the wind .
0	When he looked out his mirror he could see rubber flopping around .	Suddenly he heard a terrible racket !
0	She took away all their video games .	Their mom is really upset with all the fighting .
0	After about 45 minutes of not moving at all , I finally saw it .	Driving home one day , I noticed the traffic was worse than usual .
1	The postal clerk took a photo of her while she was crying .	Now her passport photo shows a crying little girl .
1	He put on his rubber boots and rain jacket .	He got his umbrella from the closet .
0	Rex smiles every day now as he walks by it .	He enlisted the aid of local artists and they painted a mural .
0	One day , her night light broke down .	Everyday before bed she would turn her night light on .
1	One day I saw a person working on a painting of the pond .	i approached her and offered her $ 50 for the painting .
1	My friends and I arrived at the gym at 4 o'clock .	I kept my keys and my cellphone in my pockets .
1	He knew he was forgetting something !	His mother gave him his backpack before he left .
1	He tracked down the family that had lived there before him .	They were very happy when he gave them the medal back .
0	Cal looked closely and saw his briefcase had a broken latch .	As he picked it up again the same thing happened .
1	When we went to the movies last night it was a disaster .	First Meg spilled her popcorn all over the floor .
0	Nick suggested they go together .	His friend Nena also lacked a date .
1	Lee 's yard was in terrible shape .	His dog had ruined a lot of it .
1	They did not get along very well .	When he asked her for a second date , Lori declined .
0	He convinced his mother to buy the cereal .	The toy only came in a box of cereal .
0	He was halfway through the 400 meter when he slipped on the gravel .	Once at practice , though , Ben had an accident .
1	Then Amanda found a perfect solution .	After high school , she became a personal shopper .
1	The books had crushed all of Ed 's chips .	Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch .
1	At the end of the day , Kim had caught nothing .	Neither had her dad !
1	She told Steve he can do whatever he wants .	Steve took that as they have an open relationship now .
1	Tammy and Jane sat down to play a board game .	Tammy kept winning each game .
0	He received a puppy with a shiny bow on it 's head !	So on Christmas morning , And got a wonderful surprise .
1	Robbie wanted a pet cat .	His parents took him to the Humane Society to choose one .
1	I jumped off the cliff .	I flew above that ocean .
0	She always wanted to take up fishing .	Sally lives by a large lake full of fish .
1	Bob called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer .	Bob researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive .
1	Although I asked if he was okay , he pretended to be fine .	However , he immediately ran to the water foundation a minute later .
1	On his seventh birthday his parents bought him a set of toy cars .	He loved them .
0	I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache .	Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head .
1	Her fiance said he 'd fix it and ordered Chinese food .	Turns out , his parents loved Chinese food most of all .
0	She got an angry call later wondering why she was neglecting it .	Not sure if she should clean it or they should she left it alone .
1	Bill left and bought his clothes .	He felt bad about the vendor so he returned and bought a candle .
1	She decided to decorate her house .	She went to the mall and visited some shops .
0	He also bought an expensive car , and a slushy at 7-11 .	Jock went down to the Apple store and bought a new laptop .
0	Sara helped Sam come out of his shell .	One day Sam met Sara and they both fell in love .
0	It seemed like another girl was going to win .	She was doing her best but her score was not the highest .
1	He joined his tour group at the airport .	Together they saw the scenery .
1	She began by coughing herself into a fit , but recovered .	She thought she was ok , but the illness moved to her stomach .
0	Jen shared a fortune with Ben .	Jen 's cookie had two fortunes inside .
1	There was food and magazines everywhere .	He never had time to clean up .
1	He decided to enhance his training methods .	He decided to only wear minimalist footwear .
1	I went on walmart 's website and found the perfect toy for infants .	It teaches colors , shapes , music in three different languages .
1	Howard decided to go to a PTA meeting one day .	He walked into the meeting room and found a seat .
0	I decided to just ask him what the hell was he doing .	I watched as he prayed and clapped double time .
1	I was n't sure how to approach the task .	My Dad suggested asking a nearby food bank if they need volunteers .
0	It 's all he would ever talk about to his real friends .	Greg was addicted to online games .
1	But he loves watching them anyway .	He sometimes sneaks into the theater .
0	He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends .	It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch .
0	Her friends and family encourage her to go to the beach .	For 40 Years Janice has been afraid of swimming .
0	He enrolled in yoga class .	He decided to take care of his health .
0	He told her to look outside .	Around night time , Jane saw Dan in front of her house .
0	Jack had an adventure go wrong by falling down a hill with Jill .	Will went to his house to check on him .
1	I felt sad about how much time had passed .	I decided to call my wife .
1	James had wanted one ever since his big brother started skateboarding .	James practiced every day and fell many times .
0	Tim sat there , stunned at his new look .	The barber took the electric razor and was finished in two minutes .
0	Frank is nervous at the interview and forgets name .	An employer calls him and schedules an interview .
1	Instead of selling my townhouse I rented it out to a nice family .	They pay me monthly a few hundred dollars more than my mortgage was .
1	Johnny quickly understood that everyone at the gym was there to help .	Ever since , Johnny has been the first to offer new people assistance .
1	He tried it on but it was way too small .	She had accidentally used his little brother 's shirt as a guide !
1	Someone threw a paper airplane at her .	She left the room sobbing and never taught again .
1	He stayed in a hospital and had his tonsils taken out .	My parents did not tell me right away .
0	He slipped on the snowy area that he was walking through .	James was walking through the snow .
0	Charles thought no one was ever arrested for an illegal soda refill .	A lot of people take advantage of the soda refill machine .
0	With the money , Sam was finally able to buy a dog .	Sam worked very hard .
1	She found the local college and spoke to someone about taking classes .	The person was nice but seemed a little unsure about answering Carol .
1	He was awed by the beauty of the nature and cities there !	He toured for weeks , loving every day there .
0	Ana decided that the antlers were actually fun to wear !	But then she saw that they were amused by her headgear .
0	Some of the shows are better than others .	My daughter watches television shows that are educational .
1	The water poured down the counter towards her cook books .	The books became soaking wet along the bottoms .
0	All of the neighborhood kids came out to play .	The next morning school was cancelled .
0	We did n't talk for the whole day .	I refused and walked away .
0	They visited Magic Kingdom but Annie did n't have much fun .	Annie took a trip to Florida to see her Dad .
0	He gave his dad a broken ping pong paddle to use .	Larry decided to cheat .
0	She did n't know a word of the local language .	Kelly and her family moved abroad .
1	Amy carried her cell phone in her jacket pocket .	In the bathroom she took off her jacket and left it on a chair .
1	Cassie was the town 's prettiest girl .	Jason played the game , but he ended up losing .
1	She had no place to replace it .	She went to the Home Ec room .
1	Mary and Cindy work together in the office .	They are also best friends outside of work .
1	It was my freshman year of college .	I went to an after-school hypnotist event .
0	Soon she showed up , and Ted was comforted !	A kind cashier took him to the front and paged his mom .
0	Matt arrived right at 5 and took Sally out to dinner .	She took all day getting ready and changed clothes at least 5 times .
0	She was extremely excited to learn she got the job .	Knowing a lot about technology , Carolina aced her interview .
1	She was excited to try it .	She took off the training wheels and hopped on .
1	The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell .	He promised to get up on time for church from then on .
1	His married friends joked that the only thing missing was a wife .	When he was away , they snuck into his house with a Barbie doll .
